100019.0^ I just love this collection. I ordered pink perfection and its a very nice daily wear lipstick. Quality of product is awesome.  Loving it from day one. I won the shade fiery red.superb colour and long lasting. It gives a smooth and creamy texture to the lips. It is a proper matte red shade, but one needs to apply two layers to make it last long. Quality of product is awesome.
100021.0^ Although the collection is great but 2/3 shades might washout wheatish or medium skin toned people like this one. The shade is to die for.beautiful rosy mauve shade.perfect for any ocassion (work, college.) the lipstick is long lasting and gives a perfect matte finish. Otherwise, a good product. They are not dry and patchy, but if someone has dry and patchy lips, the colours will not look very flattering. The formulation is perfect, not too drying nor too sticky. Hours , has a nice. The texture is buttery and glides smoothly over lips. The texture is buttery , glides so smoothly on lips. Texture is smooth, glides very well, very pigmented but it only lasts for 2-3 hours. The color is beautiful chocolate brown which is perfect for dusky and wheatish complexion. Gorgeous pigmentation. Red supreme look even awesome on dark skin tone. The texture is what i needed but color is lighter than nykaa  showing. Dont like about this range. It is amazing for everyday wear!. Thank you so much nykaa. The packaging is also very good. Doesnt crack or transfer. It's a beautiful true brown colour, not too dark, not too light, just the right amount of brown. Packaging: standard, has a chic cuboid shape with a matte band with brand name on it.formula: highly pigmented, one stroke & you'll get a nice opaque colour. The shade is beautiful.  And, the best part is its price. Overall, a decent product but one will find better product within the same price range though it wont be as matte.
100026.0^ This creme touch range from colorbar is my super favorite because they are truly very creamy and buttery. The lipstick is like a butter which glides on lips. The lipstick is one of the best nude selection one can get.i have used nude coral of same pallet. would recommend this for daily wear. These range of lipsticks are perfect for day and night. Nude coral is a very nice shade , hints of brown and coral , perfect for both day and night. I bought cafe latte.  it's quite creamy and glides on perfectly.  the colour is a dark brown.  staying power is good. Easily glides and has awesome colors!. It is smooth to apply and gives a very polished look for upto 3 hours. I love color bar lipsticks if you will apply on lips it does not feel so heavy and at the same time 2 swipes are enough to give you best lips. I have a fair complexion n my mom has medium complexion and the shade looks good on both of us. Pigmentation wise they are good and. Love it.beautiful and creamy.love it on my skin tone.i've got compliments every time i wear it.stays till i have something.good enough for me. Range , candy rose and dreamy pink , and i love.  Extremely moisturising and comfortable to wear!. Heart from this range , and now i am planning to order. The packaging also looks so classy. Sturdy, classy and travel friendly packaging. These are very moisturising and helps the lips heal same as a good lip balm would, but the scent and taste just ruins the whole thing. Sienna a magic is a pure coral shade that can be neon if not paired with the right makeup. Read many of the good reviews about colorbar lipstick and thought of buying them,bought two of the shades from this range pink hotmail and candy rose must say the shades are amazing, comfortable wearing them does not make my lips dry at all. The shade instantly brightens up face, for the price its really good. Worth.
100028.0^ Good shade very smooth to apply and have to apply a little to fill lip which become very bright.  moisturized lip for the complete look. It is a pure creme liquid lipstick similar to kylie jennerxkkw liquid lipstick formula. The biggest advantage of this product is that it doesn't dry out the lips, which a lot of products in the market does.the colors are beautiful. The colorbar deep matte lip cremes are good for people with dry lips. Long stay. Staying power is not great. Very smooth in application. I wish the applicator was a bit thinner though, so that following the shape of my lips while applying the lipstick would be easier. Apart from the name being decisive the formula is quite pigmented and goes on smooth and evenly. I  bought for my trousseau.everything so good color pigment ,texture.only prblm is its not longlasting .but  love the deep red one. Good pigmentation. Deep pink is perfect for fair skin tone.cons:-1.  The entire range is quite appealing. Although it is very comfortable to wear. I really like it for my casual grocery shopping. I have bought deep earth shade from this range and its really nice colour for office or regular wear its gives you matte finish little bit slowly so you have to wait for the lipstick to be dry properly. Not that expensive. Not really worth the price but if you like the consistency the way i do, you will love it.
100029.0^ I had bought expensive garnet and oh my what shine what colour.it gives u a feel of a high brand lipstick.affordable yet beautiful. It has shiny shades which look good on any lipstick or even alone. I bought this product from nykaa in the shade expensive garnet.though the colour is not as shown in picture,it is more towards brownish tone & a tinge of maroon,but product is good on lips that too at reasonable price!. It's a beautiful light coffee shade with numerous diamond crystals in it.it keeps the lips moist n fresh. It's longivity throughout the day is appreciable. It is an awesome colour with a great coverage and an amazing shine. It glides beautifully and effortlessly on lips. The shade suits fair complexion. Amazing with indian skin. Rich and dark pigmentation. Color pay off and texture are good.  Thanks to nykaa. This is a very pale purple shade almost invisible on my lips, very different from the swatches, i expected it to be a little bright but got it at 50% off so i do not regret buying it.
100031.0^ Colorbar tooty fruity has been the best. Please buy it , this is one of the best and long lasting lipstick. Its a very good product to buy. The result is a beautiful nude which stays upto six hours and doesn't make me look washed out. Affordable, long lasting, perfect matte and very creamy. It is nice clr for summers n daytime party stays for around 4-5 hrs. Super smooth but will have to apply a lip balm as it dries and answers sets fine lines on lips. The shade is perfect for indian skin tones and suits my dusky complexion really well!. It is very pigmented and gives a good coverage in one swipe. Will suit fair and wheatish complexion equally. This feels really light on the lips, better than the velvety matte one and the pigmentation is very good. Wild mauve is just perfect for wheatish skin tone. Loved that so much that i went back to buy more shades from the range.  A very nice colour , for a daily to party wear. Too good for the qualitymy experience. Nykaa rocks. I love the packaging!. Wild mauve is a shade that made me look fairer and its a dark and bold shade.!!. Its a bold red shade with deeper undertones in it.vibrant but not at all bright.looks beautiful in day as well as in night. its matte yet velvety and covers pigmentation nicely.doesnt bleed and amazing for festive season.i bought color bar electric red lipstick specially  for my college farewell. And this is the one peach life, awesome shade for indian beauties. Impressive shade range, affordable lipstick. The product is an excellent payoff. Worth.
100032.0^ This is just my favorite lip range and i just don'e get enough of it. The lipstick looks crumbled and patchy when applied. A good value for money product. I have the shade beach glow, which is a classic day wear lippie.  Stays for up to 4 5 hours and is super. This amazing lipstick has intense color that is creamy, soft and glides smoothly on application simply moisturising and incredibly wearable yet absolutely lasting. Lovely shades that suits. I really like this.this lip gloss works for adding moisture. Pigmentation is perfectly. Looks great on my skin tone. The color payoff of the range is superb, and it covers even the most pigmented lips. I ordered orange bliss from this range. After a long amount of wear it can leave your lips dry which is ok and very common among matte lipstick. Little costly but the quality is superb worth buy product from nykaa thnk u for fast delivery. Wow.what a beautiful shade.i bought this color and i'm so happy that i order this gorgeous shade.must buy from this range. amazing texture, nice color.i love everything about this. Creamy , soft. This lipstick is highly pigmented and glides easy over the lips.
100033.0^ It's an awesome lipstick. The color and compatibility of the product is outstanding. The lipstick glides on very smoothly. stays for about 7 hours and even after that it leaves a light shade which is very beautiful as well. Despite an almost matte finish the lipstick is very moisturizing and leaves my lips supple.the lipstick is nicely formulated with a staying power of at least 4 hours. Stays for 3 to 4 hours , leaving behind a slight and nice. The lipstick glides on my lips very easily and has a soft, smooth and creamy texture. Very nice with one stroke. Oil , the soft. There are many beautiful shades in this range. Best price in nykaa. Colour is kind of perfect. Its rich creamy formula enhances the lips, while keeping them moisturised and nourished. Best price.
100034.0^ This is a very nice range of lip colors where they're providing us with different colors , :d. So happy buying this lipstick. It is smooth as well, so no issues, as a whole an amazing product!. Dry the lips , feels like butter. Transfers easily and has a low staying power. Loved it stays long and keeps my lips well moisturized. I use the shade 'sensuous red' on a daily basis and the pros are:matte finishbold and brightlasts for 5-6 hourscan be used on the godoesn't feel dry smooth easily glides across lipsenhances lipsdurable. Colorbar no doubt has great lip colors, but this pencil was simply amazing. Pigmentation is very good. Enriched with vitamin e, the full finish long wear lipstick is smooth, creamy and gives excellent color without drying or cracking the lips also acting as a natural antioxidant against skin ageing. Fair ( pinkish ) skin tone. It is best in quantity n quality. Lipstick is creamy and doesn't sediment on lip lines , that is the best feature of this range !. This is an amazing shade and can be wear on a daily basis. It is well pigmented and two swipes are good enough for complete coverage. It is natural as well from nykaa but this product was manufactured in feb'15 and i received it in sep'16.  I loved the product as it keeps my lips moisturized day long.and the its the perfect shade i always wanted :) plus points:very reasonablestays for long durationsmooth :). Flirtatious is a natural pink on the warmer side that can be muted to a soft glow on the lip with some tissue, expressive peach is a lovely neon peach that can be blotted to a nice true peach. Shade , perfect. This is toooooo creamy its nt matte at all its so much tranfarable no worth of money. Slightly steep at the price but worth the investment due to product quantity and luxurious feel. A little expensive but worth the money.
100035.0^ Loved colorbar. Nice looking lipstick. Truly value for money product. Good four / five hours. Very creamy texture and a nice feel.i have shade brown wave. will suit all the skin tones.just stay is not that great. without eating 4hours stay max. It stays on for quite long- does not dry up your lips as such- pretty color- nice looking lipstick. Smoothly , the product really glides. I brought wild card.  super smooth. The shade is gorgeous and suits all skin tones. Loved it. perfect for wheatish complexion , colour is as expected but i feel its over priced as it does not live upto its 8hrs long stay promise. we can get other btr brands for a lesser price. It is a perfect red color that will suit almost all indian skin tones. Just got the plum berry shade.very nice shade for whitish to fair skin. Colorbar has always been one of my most favourite affordable make up brands because the quality of the product at such affordable prices is amazing.  Powder matte finish makes it comfortable enough to wear the whole day. Nykaa was great. Comes in a classy silver packing which comes wit magnetic cap. I got the shade brown wave and it is just the perfect brown for medium skin tones. And it gives a very natural look. very happy with it.delivery by nykaa was great. This is a perfect office shade that is hard to describe. I am totally in love with this lipstick and its worth the price!. Truly value for money product!.
100036.0^ Colorbar introduces such amazing. The good part about this lipstick is that it does not settle in the dry lines of the lips. Worst color i had ever bought.the color won't b as lyk in the picture.even if u apply a little(touch up) for not wasting the product,u wont be justified.plzzzzz don waste ur money by seeing the picture. One swipe is enough and last for almost 4 hours. I bought peach crush 59 n it was just mind blowing.loved d color.long lasting. Just one swipe is enough and stays for a good no of hours. It is the perfect red for the day when applied gently and works like the perfect party color on proper application. Very smooth pinky red shade. It's a great shade suits on medium to fair skin tone !!. The pigmentation is really nice. I am using the shade in cream cup, which is a brownish shade and is very good for both fair and yellow undertoned skin. I was pleasantly surprised by this shade as i was a bit apprehensive about how it would look on my dark skin tone. Quality is awsm. This is one of the best lipsticks in this range. High tea is a pretty brown nude shade, perfect for casual wear and rum raisin is a beautiful mauve. Its one swipe coverage is exceptional at this price point. Very creamy and moisturizing beautiful shade stay all day long, thank you nykaa for always providing us with best products with such a minimum cost. Attractive packaging. Doesnt make the lips dry and devoid. Its a beautiful product very hot red and product is easy to apply stays for around 5 hours. Heart and tarts is the best red shade. The price is so affordable. Overall a great lipstick and totally worth the price. It will suit fair complexion very well, good orange color, worth a try.
100037.0^ It is such a cute colour and moisturises the lip well. If you want a budget lipstick, look no further girls!. Really nice product. Hours , and is not affected. Doesnt stay on for long. Bt stays long in winters. The lipstick literally glides over the lips so smoothly and even on any cracks and is just amazing pigmentation. Elle 18's matte range is quite good in comparison of of color pops range. The shade is so light & smooth it gently goes with a fair skin.best if you carry day time. Otherwise it's good in terms of texture and moisture. They are super moisturising for my lips.i even apply them as a basecoat before applying a matte lipstick. Pigmentation is gud, last for 3-4 hrs and it's matt too. The quality of the product and the price compliment each other. I just love this range. The shades are really good for daily wear.  Pigmented annd really smooth coverage. Nykaa needs to improve. You have to apply twice or thrice for the colour and it smells good. The colour isn't long lasting but softens the lips and gives you a natural look. Shade was exactly the one ive been looking for , the perfect. Also its super affordable. Pros:▪these lipsticks are buget friendly and good for daily use.▪they have variety of colors to choose from.▪these lipsticks feels buttery and hydrating on the lips as they contain cocoa butter and jojoba oil.▪ it has a light scent to it which i actually love. cons:▪the downside of the lipstick is that it can break if we does not handle it light handed.▪the packaging looks plastic but it worth for the price we pay.the lipstick i own is pretty peach no. 43. it compliments lighter color lips more than pigmented lips. it looks peachy on lighter color lips and looks brown on pigmented lips. It is worth the bucks i pay for.
100038.0^ Once you apply, it makes your lip very dry and patchy so you first have to apply some moisturizer and then after that the matte look goes off and doesn't even stay for 2 hours. Girl matte flat velvet lipstick shade snuggle.it is the best nude shade for daily or office wear.thanks nykaa for an amazing lipstick. I have purchased dis lipstick in shade hot stuff after reading so many reviews.then i bought it from nykaa.i got it in just 2 days.very fast delivery.now about the product.it is just amazing.ossmm color.long lasting.very soft on lips.completely satisfying product.a must buy.jst loved it. The appearance is completely matte but it doesn't dry out your lips and feels really comfortable and nice on the lips. Goes off and doesnt even stay for 2 hours. Superb color range and really pigmented, staying power is also stunning. Its not drying or flaky and glides on smoothly. Girl matte flat velvet lipstick.the texture of the lipstick is very good.even though its a matte lipstick it did not leave stain on your lips and also did not stick to your lips and dry it out.it have a very smooth and velvety texture  and the shade of blue is amazing.i do have a tan skin shade it fits me perfectly. The colour transfers beautifully on to the lips in just one swipe. Flattering on indian skin. N the pigmentation is bang on.it has a nice smell to it. Been struggling to find a nude that complemented my wheatish skin tone.this is it!!. But apart from that it goes on smooth and feels light on the lips. The color range in this brand is weak. Undertones , perfect. It's perfectly matte, lasts really long, does not transfer much and smells edible. The staying power is not that great and it transfers a lot. Perfect nude colour for dusky skin tone. awesome matte. The lipstick just glides on your lips and leaves them supple, not dry. Complete waste of money. Still a good deal for the price!. Doesn't stay for long though but worth a possession.
100041.0^ This lipstick has the best red color for indian skin tones. Disappointment as when its come to loreal. After so much searching, finally this product gave me peace of mind. It stays for such long hours and it doesn't bleed at all. These lipsticks are really long lasting. Beautiful color , stays. It glides on so easily and feels amazing. Super smooth and long lasting. Very long lasting. makes my lips so beautiful my colour is fair suits for me. super staying power. It's very dark and brightens skin complexion. It is moist and has good pigmentation. Skin tone , and you need not apply any other makeup your lip colour is just enough. I have bought pure garnet.i must say this is such a pretty wine shade.awesome texture very comfortable to wear.it brightens up the complexion.suits for fair to medium skin tone.proper shade for fall season.bought this for 769rs.thanks nykaa for good offer and quality. I have got three shades from the range and trust me all of them looks so beautiful. the color pay off is amazing, beautifully pigmented and these lipsticks though have matte finish but more of a creamy matte which feels so comfortable on lips. This is my all time favourite colorvery bright pink colorsatin finish lipstick doesn't make ur lips dry.very comfortable to wear. Nykaa deals and discounts are superb. The delivery and packaging was great. I really regret not trying this at a store. Lasts for 10 hours and keeps lips. Pure scarleto is a stunning and bright red with warm undertones and perfect for all complexions. I bought pure rogue one and i must say it has awesome colour and texture.it is matte but still doesnt dry out the lips.awesome shade for indian skin tone. Although bit expensive but the collection is worth every penny. Definitely "true red" as marketed, and worth the price.
100048.0^ Amazing gold obsession collection amazing colors in love with all the colors. Lipstick , you will notice a soft. Great product at this range speciall in offer.its a versatile product like one can use it as top coat or base for lipstick,eye primer,eye shadow,highlighter,face illuminatator,etc.it is very pigmented.love the product. Nice colour long lasting good for fair skin like me.  So smooth, it glides like butter on lips. Very smooth texture. Good pigmentation but the problem it doesnot stay longer. Skins long lasting. They consist of very fine 24k gold particles which do not feel gritty. After a lot of search and patience, finally got it. The plum colour is to die for. I bought le gold shade.it is an awesome shade. It provides a glossy finish to the lips making them look luscious and healthy. Worth.
100051.0^ Its an amazing lipstick. Thank you nykaa for the quick delivery , and loreal. So not happy.otherwise product is good. Shade is perfectly beautiful.long lasting upto 5 hours. fully moisturizing.superbb. It's creamy matte and not at all drying and can be worn without a lip balm but the staying power is bad. This is an amazing day wear colour which stays for good 5-6 hours and looks great on every skin tone. Lipstick glides like butter on the lips and gives a smooth velvet matte finish. It's gives smooth look. It is a perfect blend of pink and red and suits all skin tones. Otherwise good pigmentation, matt finish and smooth feathery feelings after applying on lips. The best for indian skin tone. It's perfect for all skin tones. It is matte but feels so light and keep your lips moisturized for long. I am totally falling love with this range and this color too i want to buy more colours from this range. But because of the texture of these lipsticks you can wear this as a long lasting stain as well.  Thanks nykaa. Packaging 10/10. A very light,  nude color. gives the lips a sophisticated but natural look. This shade is absolutely gorgeous and so is the texture. Got this l'oreal shade (my first l'oreal) at a very good price. Superb colors and texture, worth trying, does not leave lips dry or settles in fine lines.
100056.0^ This shade won't look good at all indian tones but the lipstick is perfect combo of creamy and glossy and is highly pigmented. I love loreal lipsticks and the new look of infallible lipsticks are awesome. Highly recommended product. You don't need any lip moisturiser before it, and long lasting. It does have a good staying power and is easy to apply - glides smoothly on the lips but once it's applied, feels sticky!. Stays about 5 6 hrs bt after that its smudged. Glides on like a creamy lipstick and makes your lips quite smooth. Glides on like a creamy lipstick and makes your lips quite smooth giving it a hydrated feel. Make sure you try them in your near by l'oréal outlet in case you doubt if it would suit you. Fair to medium indian complexion. The pigmentation and staying power of all these lipsticks are amazing. Perfect for indian skin tone. The packing/bullet of this lipstick is of good quality. All the shades in this range are very exciting. It is a dusty pink shade that you can wear to work and college. Got this in sale. thanks to nykaa for the amazing product. Packing / bullet of this lipstick is of good. I have l'oreal paris infallible le rouge lipstickin fushia fever 138 ,it does stays upto 10 hours or even more.intact only when it is left to dry for half and hour,or else when applied and bit disturbed it does transfer a tiny bit in first half and hour very less like 0.01% and the corners of the lips ,it transfers in oily meals 5% otherwise it does survive meals , and after 14 hours of  eating drinking it does leave behind a visible medium to light dpends fushia pink stain which only gets removed in makeup remover, it i a product i donot regret for buying this product think about buying the red shade next, it does not dry lips like most matte colour staying lipstick it keep them moisturized and it also doesn't stay in fine lines. It feels very smooth on my lips. I love this shade. The texture of the lipstick is awesome.  Probably would try the different shades as the shade charming lilac is definitely not worth the price.
100059.0^ Awesome product by lakme. The lakme lipstick is smooth and lost lasting. I love this product!. Not last for as long as " " 9 to 5 " " (8 hours. Dont expect it to stay long. It stays for long and is amazing. Glides on your lips , gives a great. The texture is very smooth and hydrating. Beautiful color which suits. The matte look is just amazing pigmentation.  go for it. Its a nice product with great coverage.leaves a hint of shimmer but looks pretty natural yet gives a tinted effect to the lips.great for wheatish to fair skin.haven't checked on dusky skin.overall very happy with it. It's perfect for party timeit suits well on fair skin tone nd fine on weatish toneoverall it's a good lipstick. A slight glitter in it brightens up the everyday office look. Its easy to remove as well with good makeup remover or even with moisturizer on cotton ;)i bought the shade wine order, which so far i believe the best in this range. It is creamy but the color is not pigmented, it is not that bright and is shimmery and you cannot wear shimmer lipstick for work. Product is good also the delivery was on time. Got at discounted price too so thanks nykaa!. I ordered mauve spot and it looks awesome on my lips. I am in love with the shade, it is so moisturising and is the perfect soft matte. It's a lipstick with great texture. I bought this lipstick in a very decent price in a sale at nykaa and it's amazing for office wear as well as for parties. Absolutely worth the purchase. Tiz product worth its cost.
100060.0^ One of the best launches of lakme. Best to be layered on the center of the lip. Awesome shine and very dense product. It is very long lasting lip colour by lakme and all the shades ate too good. Great , and stays on.  All colors are amazing and glide smoothly. A good product to add to you everyday makeup routine. This product fulfills all it claims - it does hydrate your lips, leave a smooth glossy feel, gives a beautiful color to your skin and can be applied easily. The pigmentation is reasonable, it adds a healthy shine and also does a good job of moisturising the lips. Last for 3 4 hrs , hydrate lips and suits any skin tones. Your lips will be all shiny and gorgeous after applying any lipstick from this range but only for a short while. I have shade chestnut which is everyday kind of look.it is not mlbb but its ok.it doesn't give stain.little sticky and artificial smell.otherwise regular poduct. Thanks nykaa for having this product and deliver. Thanks nykaa. Transfer much , and the stay is pretty. Lips , leave a smooth. Shade , which just brightens. It is a very long lasting lip color by lakme and all the shades are too good. I am very happy buying this. Free full size.
100063.0^ Lakme has never failed. The lipstick is non drying and super matte amazing as always. The product is lovely. It gives a creamy texture and has a good pigmentation with lasting power of three to four hours. It has moderate staying power and normally don't stay for long. Lovely  colour,colour stays long,  thanks nykaa. The lipstick so smooth that it glides easy and doesn't need a liner to finish the looks. But the colour payoff is absolutely gorgeous, highly pigmented, smooth to apply, intense colour in one swipe and modest staying power. Loved the shade , suits. These have a good level of pigmentation that are creamy and matte. This shade looks flattering even on the darker skin and can say universal shade that any skin color can pull off with decent eye make. Average and dont suit the indian duskier skin tone. Its th perfect nude for a casual day or an office look. A wide range of shades, stays 6-7 hours. This is sober for daily wear as well as gives a glamorous touch to your look. And as always fast and secure delivery by nykaa. The packaging is classic gold tube with a click lock. Impressed with result , its also moisturise your lips. Red rebel is more of an orange than a red , bright. A beautiful beautiful red shade. really brightens up your face. its a very wearable red shade. The lipstick is long lasting and the best affordable matte lipstick out there. It is matt and has a beautiful color pay off despite the price. It is well worth for the amount you pay.
100064.0^ Lakme is an excellent. I was looking frm long time to buy a red lipstick but i wasn't sure which 1 to buy coz of my light complexion cause most of the things look too much pop up on my skin. Newer product from lakme and is absolutely perfect one and is of course one of d must have product for d lipstick lovers. Very comfortable since i have very dry. This will definitely suit all indian skin tones and has a great staying power. Its worth the amount since its matte and moisturising and stays for a long. I have shade buttery caremark it's perfect brown tone nude shade. Awesome texture and color that glides. Argan oil makes the lipstick very smooth and easy to apply. Very good pigmentation. Beautiful shade for the light skin tone. This will compliment the fairer skin tones really well. Argan oil lip color is a beautiful. It is a light brown nude and a perfect mlbb shade for fair to medium skin tones. I mean there are loads of other better lipsticks in this range. Really it's very buttery.very pigmented.packaging really nice.thanks nykaa. Thumbs down not transfer. I bought this lipstick in the shade  buttery caramel & soft nude. both are amazing nude colour. compliments my dusky skintone very well. lakme knows how to make lipsticks.  packaging is very nice. its doesn't gives a matte finish.  healthy for lips. The argan oil gives a nice finish to the colour along with nourishing the lips as it helps in rejuvenating dead cells on the lips. This shade may wash out darker skin tones as it is a bright shade. Though its not the cheapest rate wise its totally worth your money coz u can feel the goodness of the argan oil when u apply it on the lips. soo buttery. feels like balm and lovely colours!. Ya price lil bit high otherwise its good lipstick. Stays for long. very moisturizing. non drying. simply the best and worth every penny.
100069.0^ Stick must fill heart with joy upon sight, hands with luxury upon lifting, friends with envy upon viewing.the lakme absolut lip pout does all of the above. The lipstick itself is great!. The consistency of the product is amazing. This is dry matte with awesome pigmentation. Nice colour n long lasting lipstick.easy to use. But for normal lips the finish looks good and stays for a long time. Smooth application. An awesome sweet red matte lipstick having smooth finish gives a glam red look to my lips.the lipstick packaging is also quite cool.the body color of lipstick is same as the crayon color inside.it is an amazing waterproof long lasting lipstick and also quite price worthy.i would like to buy it again. It suits all skin colours and is perfect for both day and night. Pretty shade , its suits my complexion. Lakmé absolute lip tint so pretty in colour and equally good pigmentation it has all are nice in colour so trendy and make you feel absolutely stunning after wearing it, it stays for long and easy to apply as well. They look good on any skin tone!!. Quality is good , its easy. This is a beautiful range of lipstick. Great for daily wear and party. Got delivery very fast. Fair price from nykaa. It has great longevity and packaging also looks super cute. The main drawback of these lip crayons is that they make the lips very dry. I have brought the magenta magic and starlet red and i love the pop of color it gives.i was never really into bright lip colors, but now definitely buying an other one. This lipstick and shade is absolutely magic. But after this, the colour pay-off is worth the price. Purchase from nykaa and thanks.
100071.0^ Long lasting lipstick and lakme. The lipstick is the perfect one. Such a great product for daily wear. This range of lipsticks is quite long lasting and highly pigmented. Mediocre staying power. It stays for long, however it is not transfer proof. No crease no lines just perfect application. Soft smooth while applying. Its a really good shade. suits any skin tone perfectly. i love it. It is an awesome shade for a middle colour complexion. The pigmentation is very high and it's long lasting. Its my everyday go to lipstick, i have wheatish complexion and pink passion looks beautiful on my skin tone. It is very smooth and very light on lips. Last lakme absolute glossy range. Such a great product for daily wear. After my horrid experience with the last lakme absolute glossy range, which was not at par with the price, i was really skeptical about this range. I m searching this shade from last 3 months finally got on nykaa.thanks nykaa.amazing colour.nice texture. Its a perfect pink color for daily wear..matte yet very moisturising..packaging is amazing. It is quite smooth on the lips and does not dry out your lips. This is a beautiful red color, with a touch of orange.  Matte lipstick at such a good price!. Need to exfoliate the lips but worth a buy.
100073.0^ This is the best product from lakme by far. This lipstick is really nice. gives a nice shade, does not dry up the lips. Dry your lips , and stays on for long. Genuine product, long lasting at a reasonable price available on nykaa. I have the shade pm15 which is a dark pink matte shade and the lipstick stays for a good 6 hours. Just one application and you are ready to rock the party,highly pigmented ,non transferrable, perfect matte. The shades are beautiful, smooth hues and i believe you won't need a primer if you got this. Lovely matte lipstick at this rate. its a bright reddish pink which suits tanned indian skin tone well. it makes d face look bright. a must buy. All of these shades are really nice but wm10 is the best and goes with fair and wheatish complexion. Good product. better pigmentation n buying like this product worth it. Awesome which suits indian skin tone. I ordered the pm14 shade that appeared rosy pink in the picture but the actual product was near to the brown shade and it appeared really light, like a bubblegum pink on my lips. The color and quality of the product was not good and was a waste of money. All at a reasonable discounted price, on time delivery, lovely products range. It stay for a long time & can be used daily. the colour is very beautiful & the got a big dicount. thank you nykaa. Lipstick is good no doubt but when opened my packet lipstick was already broken i had ordered 2 lipsticks in the order and that too was broken. It's a pocket friendly matte lipstick in a budget.and it's highly pigmented. though i have pigmented lips but this lipper works amazing work.it stays about 4-5hours. after having meal you have to retouch.i don't mind for dat.bcz in this price range it's does it's job quite well.and thax nykaa for fast delivery and packaging was damn good.thanks nykaa. Loved the colour pm15 and rm14. must have those colours. Soft while application , and doesnt make your lips. This despite being priced lower than 9to5 which has added primer, works like a miracle on cracked lips too.the colour payoff is good and looks just as on the nykaa shade palette. Really in love with this lipstick. its matte but its not drying at the same time plus its affordable and belongs to a good brand what else do we need girls go for it. For the price being paid the lipstick is simply amazing!. Go for tbis. worth the money. the shade is suitable for festivals and weddings.
100074.0^ Awesome product from lakme. The lipstick gives a classy glossy finish and it perfectly suits on me. Very happy with the product, the colour is amazing its was worth it!. Long lasting stable on lipstick. Doesnt seem to have a good staying power. It keeps the lips moisturised throughout the day and stays for long too. Smooth and no fuss application. The colour is bright and glides on smoothly. All the shades are very nice. its texture is smooth and creamy. Absolutely moisturizing with a decent staying power, this leaves a soft pink glow after wearing down. Superb shades.glossy finish with great pigmentation. Very nice color blends well with well with indian skin tone. The quality is excellent and the wear is very comfortable. The best among the other lipsticks in the enrich satin range. Good for light application and daily wear. Nykaa was on time and neat. Also, nykaa packaging was good. Long lasting product with best price i m loving it do buy from this site. Lipsticks , because they dry out and make your lips visibly flaky. The shade is beautiful. The enrich satin collection has 30+ shades and looks vibrant.this lipsticks adds perfect colour to the lips with a creamy finish.thanks to nykaa and lakme. This stays on for a long time, and is affordable too. Price , pigmentation , shimmer. The browns in this range are worth it.
100076.0^ Not highly satisfied with this one by lakme. Loved the tinted pink shade of lakme lip. Moisturisers lips for a long time,medium tint for casual wear,daily use.a bit stronger fruity smell which i dint like personally.but a product worth of it's price!. Hours , gives a tint of color and does not look patchy. Smells great and stays long.no more repeats. even if the tint wears off the moisture stays. It leaves the lips supple and soft for quite some time. Smooth application, a lovely shade and cares for the delicate lip skin. It glides on smoothly on the lips and protects them from drying out. It's very moisturizing and makes lips smooth and also gives a slight tint. I try the red one.the quality of the lipblum is very bad and it dry the lips not moisture. Moisturising its tinted and the pigmentation is good. The formula is nice and moisturizing. The colour is also nice which is not too deep not too light. But the quality is good. Good for daily wear. It's definitely better than most of the lip balms available in the market. Currently bought  apricot flavor frm nykaa site its slight pink color with medium coverage & sweet taste but no fragrance and its not too heavy on lips it's  smooth light on  lips. Giving 1 start less only because of its packaging. Great feel, perfect moisture and colour combination. This lip balm is really good at keeping lips moisturized but those who want colored lip balm it is not for them. It smell so good and moisturizes lips whole day. It is very lightly tinted and has an affordable pricing. Price was also genuine. I bought the pink once a year ago and i loved that it has given me smooth lips with a tint of pink colour and i like it so much that i wanted to buy another one from these balms.now i have all of these balms and i gifted it to my sister,mom and aunt too and they also loved its effect.worth to buy it.
100077.0^ Probably the best mac lipstick. Love mac. This is the first mac  lipstick i purchased  from nykaa.thumbs up for the packaging and delivery and the product was genuine too.. Cosmo is the safest day wear colour, especially for office wear. Otherwise one swipe is enough to get the shade.4) it easily lasts 6 hours. Stays for 6 7 hours , leaving a great. It feels buttery soft on the lips. The creamy formula glides on smoothly, and very little product is required for total coverage. Difficult to find nude shades thatd suit. I was looking for a peach coloured lipstick that will not look too bright and make my lips pop out.. after reviewing videos on youtube i finally zeroed in on this color. voila it's awesome.though not recommended for wheatish complexion. Work well with indian skin tone. And on fair skin tones it might look more reddish brown. I got half n half and it is a good light peachy shade, but is also clsarlt shows the fine lips of the lips. Glides on your lips and some of the colours even stain your lips like girl about town, which is always a plus. This is a true orange shade, great for the fairer skin tones to wear during summer. Thanks nykaa. The texture is so smooth as it just glides on your lips. You can wear it as an everyday shade as well as for night outs since it adds such a gorgeous glow to the skin.  Offer on mac lipstick , perfect. The pay off is good.
100078.0^ I got this in the shade capricious. lustrous and moisturising lipstick!. A great product from mac. I would not recommend this shade for pigmented lips or deeper skin tones. Very good for day. The only drawback is that it stays for 3-4 hours and then you need to reapply it. Very good for day time.  Doesn't dry out the lips and gives a smooth finish. Its okayish nude,i have to apply dark nude lip liner to make this lipstick visible on my nc42 skin tone this lipstick will suit only on fair skin tone also i would prefer matte,satin finish more than lusture finish its not that great in texture. Moisturising and looks very natural. Skin tone this lipstick will suit only on fair. Skin tones , itll only compliment. It's a beautiful coral peachy lipstick for medium to light skin tone. It is hydrating and doesn't dry out lips but if you have dry lips then it settles into fine lines after an hour or so.the shade is perfect for summers. Wear time is low though. Pretty nude shades from nyx , nykaa. Good reviews i saw online. Thanx nykaa. Frost finish but drying. Creamy lustre combination gives moisturised feeling on lips with beautiful red colour. Such a pretty shade. Best lipstick and worth the money. Worth buying.
100079.0^ Diva is the best maroon lipstick ever!. Mac is known for its red and i was really disappointed. It's a good product i've used the honeylove shade that's a kind of nude but its so amazing stays for 5 hrs atleast with a single layer and if applied more than 1 layer you don't need to reapply. Doesnt make my lips look cracked and dry. Realy nyc shade..i am loving it shade so much its suit me.long lasting lipstick at very cheap price.. They are super creamy and glide on well, stay on for a long time and are quite pigmented. It blends so perfectly with your smooth and even chapped lips. Loved this property , this will suit. Fair to medium skin tones , making it one of the colours that suits. Amazing soft brown for indian skin. Nothing much to say about the colour only buy it and you will see the magic girls for fair to medium skin tone. They smell great!this shade is perfect for all skin tones!. Loved amway lipstick range. A perfect everyday peachy nude with pink undertones. Such a beautiful colour.it suits wheatish coloured skin.perfect for a day wear.it leaves a velvety feeling on ur lips.jus way too awsum. The delivery was so fast and packaging was fantastic. Firstly,happy to see mac products at nykaa and was looking out for this shade for long in mac stores finally bought on nykaa. Great pigmentation , packaging. This a deep plum colour that looks really great on the duskier skin tones as it gives an instant glow and stays matte for 3-4 hours. Soft matte texture doesnt dry out my lips. This is a true purple shade that looks unique and different than the usual lipstick shades. She's now riding on the mac love wave with me ever since she tried it on.go for it, its worth the money. I have it in please me, amazing formula, its my go to lipstick, best lipstick purchase ever, perfect color...... Definitely worth a five star rating.
100081.0^ This is such a perfect lipstick shade. u can't get over it. its gorgeous. must try. Oh my god!it is absolutely fab.rubi woo is my first time shopping from nykaa and mac also. 100% genuine product. There has not been a mac product ever that i have not lovedthe lipstick is super pigmented , seriously long lasting.lasts the entire day through eating and drinkingclearly a favourite. It's a proper matte lipstick and stays for at least 5-6 hours. The packaging was amazing and the delivery was on time. The texture is smooth and gives complete matte effect.in love with this whole range.please team nykaa restock "tomatte with love" sooon!!!. Loving it sooo much , would suit all skin shades possible. a very sexy red that makes everyone gaga over it. It's a very nice shade which suits all types of skin tone. It is amazing in terms of being matte and pigmentation and is very long lasting but it is drying on lips. Has a pinkish undertone. looks amazing on every skin tone. I have three of the lipsticks from this collection and all are  must haves !the ruby woo is the perfect red shade for all skin tones toh it gets a lil cakey. Liquid lipstick to avoid. This is the only liquid matte lipstick range that does not make your lips feel dry or uncomfortable even if you dont have any lip balm on before you apply the lipstick.stays for really really long!. It's the perfect shade for evening wear. Love u mac & love u nykaa. Thank you nykaa for online. And amazing packaging from nykaa. Colour feels so grand. Its so matt , i recommend to apply a bit of moisturizer before applying the lipstick directly to avoid flaky red lips. The shade flat out fabulous suits indian skin tone so well, besides even after being in retro matte range, the texture is so comfortable on lips. Most of us worry about being fooled by buying  mac  products online.yes i have been fooled before but this time i was determined not to.being a loyal mac custmor i already had few lipsticks and knew the fake ones.i am very glad to inform that the product i received was original which i have examined personally and used it later to confirm it is the real a mac.i got this lipstick ruby woo and its genuine. Gorgeous shade , you can purchase. Awsm. color. makes me look fab. worth to buy.
100082.0^ Also the formula of the lipstick is great and makes yourlips look really healthy and bright. Mac lipstick , and am absolutely loving. Mac lipsticks are the best in. Comfortable non drying. I own the shade in captive and it’s a must-have colour for daily office wear.perfect muted berry shade for dusky skin. it’s satin finish is amazing and stays put for hours though it transfers a bit. this is my first in mac lipsticks and i love it!!. This suits all indian skin tones really well and stays for 5-6 hours. Very smooth and well pigmented lipstick, with very little amount of shimmer to it which is not noticable from distance. The best everyday shade, muted berry pink, suits my wheatish skin perfectly, the satin finish sits beautifully on the lips without drying, its quite moisturising, and stays for 6-7 hours. And the finest part is that one more swipe can transform your day look to a more striking night look. One of the best shades from mac for indian skin. The colour will suit a wide range of skin tone. A perfect everyday nude for nc 40 skin tones. It has beautiful light brownish colour looks a bit like the nude shades. This is a deep brown shade with red undertones that is apt for night wear and gives your face an instant glow and highlights your eyes. Currently using captive as a daily work wear. Gives good coverage. Very neutral shades for daily office wear. mac quality is amazing, no reviews regarding that. thanks nykaa for delivering original products in just 2 days !. Quick delivery , great packaging  ; suits all skin tones ; daily wear ; great texture nice formulation. The colour is just amazing. Sits very very comfortably on the lips and suits the autumn - winter season and looks great both ways with full eye makeup or with just some mascara. A beautiful pink-nude shade.a lighter version of mehr.i love the shade but can be a bit light for the average indian skin tone,however that can be fixed by wearing a slightly darker lip liner underneath.barring the above,love the product and the shade.looks super hot with a smokey eye.will recommend if you are looking to step away from the traditional nudes. Worthy for the price. Delivered in 4 days which is reasonable. Worthy.
100088.0^ Perfect red lipstick with perfect texture ,not exactly matte but nice texture,dont spread and radiant shade.haappy with purchase. I'm a big fan of maybelline products and rosy orange is just wow. I simply love this product. Very nice , creamy , and fades after 2 3 hours. The staying power is normal. It is not long lasting and stays for 3-4 hours. Ordered the neon pink shade and it's beautiful, with great pigmentation that glides on smoothly on lips. It is smooth in application and hydrates little bit but causes chapped lips after few hours. Scarlet red is very vibrant color which will suit all the skin tones.pros:1.affordable & available easily in local shops as well as internet2. The formula too is not heavy and pigmentation is amazing. Nice colour.easilly day wear. peachy pink shade.suitable for all skin tone. nykaa service is too good.. This range has the best colors and they suit all skin tones. Very good color payoff. Not matte but i love the formulation and shade range. Otherwise for comfortable matte wear it's  a win. I recommend two coats for perfect coverage. The packaging is sleek and the shade lasts for 4 to 5 hours. This lipstick is so so smooth on the lips. The colour pay off is good and texture is creamy and not perfectly matte. The shade is perfect. It is the best possible matte in this money range. It is the best price at a huge discount and best quality. Overall worth the money.
100089.0^ This lipstick is of gud quality and colours are also pigmented ✌. Maybelline collection leave your lips luscious soft. I've used the product and its amazing. A good coverage for dry and dehydrated lips for atleast 3 4 hours. It has an amazing staying power. Lovely shade , very moisturizing and stays. It's not waterproof but good for everyday office and outings as it is well suited for fair to medium toned skin types and gives a good coverage for dry and dehydrated lips for atleast 3-4 hours. Very smooth to use.gvs u a glossy look.color is too gud.bt its nt water proof.doesnt stay for long. Fatal red is a gorgeous, bold red shade which will suit indian skin tones very well. Wonderful colors and very moisturizing. Rich, juicy formula and great opacity and pigmentation!. It's a gorgeous pink shade perfect for people with fair to medium skin tone. This range was just perfect. Good for daily wear. A good creamy matte lipstick with superb coverage. I had shopped for a few maybelline products.i was sceptical abt the product to be broken or wrong colors to be delivered the customer care is soo supportive and made me believe in her after 4 days i received a call from d courier company confirming my address and within 15 mins he was at my door.:) standing with a big smile may be he knew haha.shopping with nykaa makes everyone happy. Comes in a stylish packaging. Glides over your lips like butter, and the pigmentation is superb too. I have the colour glamorous red and fatal red, both are awesome colors.glamorous red is perfect shade for office. I gifted to my lil sis deepest cheery shade and she jst loved it want that exactly shade which was up to tha mark. Highly recommended if you are on a budget. I can now say it is a classic color and was one of my good purchase for 475. Soft,supple available in many shades and great value for money.
100091.0^ I love this lipstick. Bright cherry red with a slight orange undertones which kind of reminds me of maybelline. This was awesome product. Long lasting and doesnt leave any patch on lips after few hours. It's so long lasting lipstick with awesome colour. Stains lips a little, which makes it stay long. The consistency is buttery so don't expect it to stay too long, probably for 3-4 hours. Basically a smooth creamy textured lipstick which i think will a hit among ladies who like glossy finish on the lips. This lipstick suits me and is a perfect shade for my skinone. Amazing pigmentation. It looks beautiful on every skin tone for daily. I bought the reb 07 shade, its a beautiful mauve shade, and would look good on most skin tones. The quality of this product is very good.my lips feel moustrise after using this product. Bought reb07 and reb05 from this range and have loved those to the core. It's not a very loud pink but a nice pink shade that you can wear.though the lipstick doesn't stay for very long  if you eat and you need to do a touch-up. Both the shades are amazing and the pinkish nude that is 07 is one of the best shades available in the market. Love u nykaa. Packaging is quite normal. It wore comfortably on the lips bar the fact it was sticky. It can be worn with heavy as well as casual makeup looks. Perfect pink and a must have shade. Now a days every good lip product seems to be priced between rs.800-1000 but these lipsticks are really affordable.if you don't disturb the lipstick for 45mins - 1hr after applying they last for about 7-8 hrs (they leave behind a strong stain which i like) the glossiness last for about 2-3 hrs if you don't eat anything  in that period. I just love orange shade. gives your lips a perfect shape.and it looks fab on all sort of dresses whether party wear or formals or casuals. so it should be must in your bag. and thanks to nyka for giving good offers and delivering on time. Such an amazing price by nykaa.
100092.0^ This lipstick glides on the lips so smooth, that it actually feels like velvet. Mat 6 " " and its awesome. The pigmentation is super, the texture is super, the matte finish is super.all in all a super value for money product!!. It is every good for dry lips. The color vibrant coral (mat 4) is very nice for summer.however the product does not stay for a long time. Stays put no matter what you eat or drink its the best. Also the applicator is so good. It's a amazing product of maybelline.its glides very smoothly on the lips. It feels velvety smooth on lips. Lovely pigmentation and gives your face a pop. I'm not a person who loves bright matt lipstick but i thought i shall give it a try.after trying this one.i'm in love with it.it suits for every indian skin tone and just 1 coat is enough. This is a superb product for people with medium to fair skin tones. Overall a really good liquid lipstick which is light on the pockets!. Do not expect a truly matte effect from this range, it does not dry matte and is smudge prone. This range is not totally matte but is a really amazing lipstick for party wear!!..thanks alot nykaa, you did  great job for online shooping !. The colour payoff is decent more than anything else and the packaging is really nice. The packing was already broken. It glides smoothly on the lips, and keeps lips soft the whole day. It says matte but it has a little shine to it and is not completely matte but a satin matte. This has an amazing pigmentation, though the shade will suit only fair complexion. Overall, these are a complete waste of money. It is a sweet shade and is worth the price. Lovely colour with perfect finishing,worth to buy it.
100093.0^ Lipstick yesterday and i just love the. An amazing product by maybelline. I used it first time and i must say it's an amazing product by maybelline. Beautiful opaque colors , doesnt dry out on lips and stays for almost 6 hours. Bought big apple. simply loved it. has long stay. It is a highly pigmented lipstick from maybelline. it stays for long time almost 10 hrs. it is moisturising creamy texture. but still gives matte finish. i loved it. The lipstick glides very smoothly and stays there for long. It is very smooth and longlasting. It is totally smudge proof.even in summer days you can rely on it totally.it is very rich in texture and glides easily.can be wear with every attire.no need to match with every dress. good for marriage party as well.no need to check while u need to apply again or not.worth a buy!. Indian skin stone and the smell. I bought the red liberation shade,nice pigmentation  n  love the creamy texture. The colour is amazing perfectly goes whith my wheatish skin tone. The colour is a beautiful red with a pink undertone. It is good lipstick for daily wear.stays for 4-5 hours.and this shade matches indian tone perfectly.go for it ladies. Nykaa thank you for amazing delivery. So, i would recommend nykaa to plz check the items before delivering to us. The pigmentation is awesome and staying power is also good it does transfers a bit but that's not a big issue. Amazing wine color with creamy texture will help moisturize lips. Beautiful shade of red. This particular shade is one of those bright red. They are affordable and good in quality. In love with the lip color. and too in budget. satin matte finish.and survive a good 5-6 hours and after that leaves a nice red stain for the evening. in love <3 <3. Good product for the price.
100094.0^ This lipstick is so creamy yet matte that it is perfect to have in your collection. Maybelline cuz its not a cruelty. Very beautiful shade and stays for long time..satisfied with product. Quiet drying. Lasts upto 3 4 hours. Perfect matte finish and stays all day long!. I just love this creamy matte range.the texture of the the lipstick is amazing.its really matte and super pigmented.it glides on really smooth and there is no patchiness whatsoever. The texture is smooth creamy matte, it does transfer.the shade can slightly wash out medium to darker skin tones. Suit of india beauties. The pigmentation is very rich. This a gorgeous shade of red, a good color for warm toned skin. and such good color pay off in single application. my mom loved it too so i gifted her one of these :). Lipstick is really pigmented and long-lasting.a must buy product especially for medium to fair skin tone people. I bought nude nuance its just awesome light brownish tint to it can be best for medium and fair complexions and it is so creamy matte that u wanna get to buy this in order to make those defined lips. In love with this range!. Is a pinkish nude shade n i absolutely love wear this everyday. Cool colour for daily use. but not so matte. stays 4 to 5 hours. lipstick's texture is slightly creamy. overall loved it. thanks nykaa for amazing offer of its. In love with these shades. also thank you nykaa for your authentic products and timely delivery. It's sad that a colour that's so nice is not so wearable as it transfer a lot. Looks absolutely amazing on lips. Perfect nude nd perfect rosy mauvish shade to have in ur collection!. Nice creamy texture. Buying other shades for sure!. It's matte and opaque, stays for a decent amount of time. overall worth the price.
100095.0^ From quite a long time i was looking for a red lipstick finally my search came to an end. This is the best ever maybelline range lipsticks. value for money.my favourite orange icon - 308.soo hot.it defines me. The product is really amazing at this price, good for daily use and can be worn all the time. It lasts till 3 hours max. All the shades are good and the lipstick is long lasting and pigmented. Great texture , and staying power. I love this range from maybelline as they are highly pigmented and has rich creamy texture which glides on to lips smoothly. It has a smooth silk kinda texture. It suits perfectly for every skin tone. The pigmentation is great and does not settle into fine lines. Suggested for medium to fair skin tone. It's a great shade for olive skin tones. The price for the quality and packaging given was definitely worth it. I recently ordered this shade to try this range and fell in love with it completely. The lipstick are very creamy and so comfortable to wear and there are so many shades to choose from. Thanks nykaa for such a prompt delivery. Thanks nykaa. Product packaging is amazing too!. It is very creamy and very pigmented and looks bold on lips, and amazing with ethnic outfits. I am a mac nc43.5- dusky skin tone & this shade looks great on me. I m a big fan of maybelline lipsticks.i have purchased so many lipsticks of maybelline..all shades are very nice. good results. It's super affordable, so why not add this to your collection, right?. These are the best lipsticks you can purchase at this price. Maybelline is a well reputed brand and the colour show range has already proved its worth in the market.the lippy glides n easily and gives an opaque coverage after 2.3 swipes.worth buying.
100103.0^ It is a perfect lipstick and the colour is amazing i just loved it. Add them to your cart now and shop this amazing product now. Totally disappointed with this product although i love this brand other products but this made me sad, both colours are kept jus like that,  i can't think of using them it is not smooth, very bad texture. Doesnt stay long. A vry nice colour and it stays really long. It stays on lips as powdery and not smooth at all.  Opaque color pay off in single stroke and quite long staying. The pigment is good but due to its texture and smell it's a complete turn off for me. Gorgeous pigmentation. Color payoff is really gud but. So a must have for parties/functions. Thank you nykaa. I am a self confessed make up addict and nykaa is like heaven online for me right now. Packaging : gorgeous. However, they are so drying that they will suck the moisture out of your lips. Shade and its very upsetting. Beautiful , the texture. 9/10 price. Worth.
100113.0^ I have this lip butter in the shade, tutti frutti. The colour pay off is quite sheer as it is a lip butter and not an actual lipstick. The packaging is nice and sturdy and it's a very good product for its price. These lipsticks are so good for people with dry lips. It is a great shade with good staying power. It is very easy to apply and comfortable to wear. all colours are amazing and glides well. you will notice no tugging and it also stays for long. I bought it for my friend and she loved it, it's actually as same its name, buttery and soft. If you are looking for a lip butter which is creamy, non-greasy and gives out a little colour you can opt for it. The texture is actually buttery smooth, softening and serves the purpose of both balm and tint. Suitable for so many indian skin. It has a good pigmentation and stays for long. Beautiful mauve shade for indian skin tone. Bleeding , you can blot it on tissue paper with light. These lip butters glide on so smoothly and feel like a lip balm.the pigmentation is sheer which makes the lighter colors to last for not more than 2-2.5 hours but the the darker/more pigmented shades give an awesome juicy look to the lips. Delivers a wonderful. It's not very stark bright colour. It is such an awesome colour and the texture is just beautiful for soft lips.  The price is a lil expensive but  worth its price!!.
100123.0^ I have just fallen in love with this lipstick. At first i bought obsession from nyka but very dissappointed as the it delivered the used product. Would not repurchase or recommend. I am someone with super dry lips and it takes a really good formulation to stay put on my lips for more than four hours. But it does not stay for long so not worth the price. So smooth and soft and stays for really long time. It's texture is perfectly matte after application. It's got a smooth texture that doesn't spread evenly on lips. All the shades are awesome and the colors suit all skin types. It eventually brightens up your face. looks perfect on every complexion. must buy if you looking for beautiful. I loved the creamy texture and pigmentation. It gives a perfect shade and suitable for all skin shades.  The liquid lipstick is amazing. Good with indian traditional wear. Natural looking lips , covering. I love the classy packaging. Doesnt spread evenly on lips. I have the shade addiction which is a dark pink with blue undertones which is a perfect work wear for medium to dark beauties like me!. Packaging is awsum attractive n sturdy but expensive and not at all matte.i hav most of the shades i make it matte with loose powder. Pretty costly and ineffective for the price. Yeah its costly but worth try.
100136.0^ Nonetheless, a good lipstick!. A very marvellous product from this range a gud texture on lips superb product. Perfect for almost all indian skin types. Good for parties as had shimmer in it and gives good effect in night parties. Stays for a long time. It doesnt bleed and perfect for party or night time. So much smooth and shiny and glides over my skin no need to modify it colours are so pretty. My lips are naturally pigmented,still in 1 stroke it looks good. Loved the color and i think will suit every indian skin. Pigmentation is good. It have shimmer good for party wear good on fair skinfine on weatish skin. It is a bit glittery which will look amazing at night parties. The colour is awesome and its a party wear colour but the texture is so poor that if you are having something then it will spread out  all over your out line. and looks very bad.you always have to be careful how does it look. Only the glitter thing in it is bit good to experience, nothing more than that. Thanks nykaa. Transfer much , so stays on lips for good. So smooth just glides on your lips. Perfect for party wears.divine shade.  Good , on top of it an additional discount. Worth the price.
nan^ Kajal is very creamy , smooth. Product quality is good as usual with lakme. Product was neatly packed. Shade is awesome.n worth also.must try for every girl.and in budget too.also long lasting. I will not recommend this product to any who are looking for long stay kajal. Delivery was on time very nice product. Worst liner i ever seen.full of black water pls dont bye it. Fantastic kajal dark black and smooth in use. Even crying does not smudge it. So cool kajal.no irritation. must buy !plz deliver it on time. For fair toned skin pls don't opt for brown shade!this sucks totally!. No issue for skin irritation. Quality is good and the packing is bad. It's nice and really smudge proof eye liner. It is good. shiny plus dark plus waterproof plus long lasting but the prob is hard to remove.  Flipkart service is good and. Colour doesnt brighten. Its smooth and dark, no doubt but it doesn't stay for long. The product is very nice. the delivery was fast. the product is very good. enhances the look of my eyes. always happy with maybelline. It's not worth the money. Amazing at this price. Worth a try.
