1300001.0^ Hair shines like ever party ready. I love the effects it has on me. Pocket friendly good product. Very nice ammonia free hair colour available on nykaa. Quite a good product considering the prices in the category of amonia free hair colors. Easy to mix ingredients. I have naturally dark brown hair and may be that's why the color pay off is gorgeous on my hair. Not that intense but you will love the colour. The colour covered all my greys and blends well with my natural hair colour. Super affordable and the colour lasts for a decent period of time keeping in mind the price point. Truely every salon's secret with long lasting results. This colour is so easy to use and stays for almost two months and i love how my hair feels all soft and nice after this. Impossible to wash without breakage after 15 days of application. It did not cover grey hair properly, my hair got a colour which was not brown or golden. Its easy to apply and gives really good coverage. My hair is naturally shiny but the shine tonic gave additional shine to it. This is the best hair colour from all the other brands.it is ammonia free & shine tonic adds shine in hair.last for 2 weeks.resonable price.covers grey hair & makes them soft. No stinging smell while applying, leaves hair soft and shiny.  Good creme. Love the colour and its really give glossy. Does not give as smooth texture as they claim. I have tried many hair colours and this one is so far the best and quite affordable too!☺️. Dont waste your money. Great product for diy colouring at homescent freeammonia freeeconomical (worth its price).
1300002.0^  Very simple and easy way to colour my hair. Awesome product. Wonderful without ammonia. For first timers, this is the best and the cheapest option as it gives you a very subtle color to your hair and gives u an opportunity to explore the new you. :). The burgandy colour is very good. It's my mom's favorite hair color. Easy to use color,sufficient for one time use, and the color is also very nice it lasts upto 15 days for me after thet touch up is required. Wish every product sold would have at least 3/4 of its expiry period. Yrs and its wonderful. Good amount, great coverage and gives the hair a lovely shiny look!. I've neva colored my hair b4.but desperately i wanted to colour it.nd found out dis.nd i must say its too.trust me.it also improves over all hair texture nd gvs amazing  shine.go fa it nd reveal ya new u.☺. I also like this product as it makes my hair smooth and shiny. But now a days i apply godrej expert rich creme hair colour i am free of any headache because it has no ammonia. As per its price its a good product better then the burgundy. My mom is using it since long and it's  a value for money product.
1300003.0^ Sale its on dobel prize. Mrp nd u sale its on dobel prize.
1300006.0^ If your hair natural color is not black then wastage of using this color. Loreal paris casting creme gloss a try and found that it worked. Timely delivery and original product. This colour is ammonia free and safe for hair. It doesn't harm hair scalp or hair as it is amonia free. stays  preety long tym.  Good job and perfect color. This haircolor in the shade mahogony is a beautiful colour for everyone. The burgundy shade is up to the mark. The colour lasts for almost a month will full grey coverage leaving the hair smooth and shiny. I am using this product from last 2 year.it suits my hair n long lasting product!. Can be easily applied at home and the colour stays long. I have used the cherry black shadethe new system of application bottle is too good you don't need anyone else to apply color on your hair you can do it yourselfthe method is very well described on the guide page inside unlike other hair color brandsbeside easy application it leaves the hair super smooth and elegantly shinythe product truly justifies it's worthand the color stay for long tooi would recommend every to try the product it's actually very good. Comes with a applicator comb which made easy for me to apply at home without going to some parlour to get it done. Coverage is about 50 % , and is good. L'oreal paris casting creme gloss hair color gives an instant shine and gloss to my hair. Doesnt smell as strong and does make hair shiny. This is the best colour ever used till now such a creamy and soft texture it is used in lil quantity and just give you excellent result a grt value for money product.the colour shade i have used is 300 darkest brown and i have been using since 4 year amazing is the word to describe the product. The scent is great like a bubblegum and it doesn't dry out the hair and gives a smooth finish. Cons: slightly strange flowery-chemical smell immediately after wash, which wears off after a while. Creme gloss hair color for a while now , the color is beautiful. Bful hair color from loreal compact packaging makes hair glossy must buy. Adds a nice texture.loads of options to choose from. easy to maintain and apply. This product is worth for money. Easy and handy to use at home , i use it for my father it last long till 30 days , gives very glossy finish and got at good price from nykaa. A great product by l'oreal.and it has been a great purchase.
1300007.0^ Amazing. Colour impression also supposed to show.  Colour impression.
1300010.0^
1300011.0^ Flipkart delivary is good. Great deal. nice color can be used twice for touchups with short hair. one time use for colouring men. Good shine and colour.really nice product. Ammonia , not displayed in the specs , an average. I opened this today and found one tube, protective serum pre colour care was totally empty. But the color does not last long. Nice colour. Hair color brand that doesnt ruin. The colour not even lasts for a week. Colour not stay long(max 1 month)..flipkart delivary is good................. Application , the color didnt seem to enhance. Perfect grey coverage thanks. Makes the hair smooth and covers grey hair completely and color remain for minimum 10 days even after daily wash. I faced no issues when i bouggt it offline. Very poor quality. Havent given that much shine.  Cream hair color 3 natural. Creme gloss is good. Texture 4 ) a huge variety. Dont waste your money. Im happy with the purchase. Easy instructions and easy application makes it worth it!.
1300013.0^ Perfect product.
1300014.0^ Flipkart in a very timely. This is a nice product. Terrific purchase. This is a great ammonia free colour and it does not catch up on your skin. Very nice colour. One of the best hair color.  Was using farmeci before, it was lasting me upto 45-60 days. I used this product since last 4 years. Very good and healthy coloure. Good and worthy i seen reviews don't take too seriously take it light if you want accurate products then you need to go usa. Its fading like anything however original inoa does not fade away.better to buy with developer that works well. Money worthy.
1300016.0^ She has to get her greys coloured every two weeks but this is a handy option when she is unable to color her hair or has to go out urgently. Its a good product for an absolute emergency but leave a stain on scalp. It is of no use.would nt recommend any1. Ammonia free. The spray releases chemicals that instantly color your hair. Excellent solution for last minute dressing-up. Very useful when you have no time to color. It is really a very easy way to colour and spray helps to save time. Hair colour ( even the ammonia free. It covers white roots instantly and lasts for a week. Loves it , stays. I initially got it for my mom as she was sick of colouring her hair every week. Awesome coverage. The only thing to remember is as soon as you spray take a fine toothed comb and quickly comb your hair for that even finish. Provides instant solution for grey coverage and also for those areas on your scalp where hair thinning is quite prominent. Only downside its that it would transfer a little if you touch. This works for me because it is washable. Didnt find it useful because the spray. Perfect nozzle , perfect texture.  Price i think its a win. I bought this product for my mom and it has been a great purchase.
1300017.0^ Though i purchase a lot of product on flipkart, i was much shocked and unhappy that how could this kind of cheating would happen so openly.i am much unsatisfied by this transaction. I trust flipkart and expect the same kind of response from in return.. Product : use a 30vol or higher developer to get light brown hair if natural. It has ammonia so be careful with it guys. Product : use a 30vol or higher developer to get light brown hair if natural hair color is black or hair is already colored. 1 plus 1 ratio.1 of the best tube colour by loreal. loved it..thanxx for making available.  On indian black hair you will not see that kind of results, however my hair was already bleached and the results were fantabulous. Worth the money. Purchase a lot of product on flipkart , i was much shocked. Worth.
1300018.0^
1300029.0^ A good product.good service.flipkart as always the best. Great product. Good service. One of the best color. Great colour. Amazing color.gives a very natural golden brown tinge to the hairs.really liked it.  The quality of this watch is good. Worth the money. Terrific purchase. Worth every penny.
1300030.0^ It further evened out brassy tones in my hair with a natural, gorgeous tone!. Brought revlon color used it and absolutely loved it. Worse product,  no change in haircolor as shown in the outer packaging of the product. Dont feel any burning sensation and ammonia smell. Good and amonia. Colours are awesome. This is the worst hair color. I have used the color.n it is so awsum.it is long lasting.n gives u glossy finish.without making my hair dry. But the colour on hair stays very less if someone use shampoo in daily basis. It gave perfect coverage on my greys.usually ive been buying hair color which has always been 400 rs and above this color pack was so worth the price its unbelievable. This is a good to use product which gives you proper finish. Quality of product is nyc. This product is workable and smoothens the hair in indian climate. Texture wise pretty. This one made my hair soft and shiny, plus the price is cheap and affordable too.
1300031.0^ Hair its a total failure. You can get other hair colors in this range which provides you with nice fragrance and color too. Disappointment is the result from this product.  Nice color. Total waste of money colour. This is the worst hair color product i have used. It has less ammonia and also it lasts longer.the conditioner makes my hair so soft and silky. Very very good product compare to other hair color like loreal and garnier, less smell and very rich color, i feel hair more silky, smooth and shiny after using revlon hair colors.i am using revlon colors  last 10 years no side effect of revlon colors on my hair and skinothers colors have a lot of side effect like reduce thickness of hairs , skull itching, redness and leucodermai highly recommended revlon color and other product to all of my friends and family members. It gave perfect coverage on my greys.usually ive been buying hair color which has always been 400 rs and above this color pack was so worth the price its unbelievable. Dnt wait for the colour on the carton.that never gonna come.it only in real bright light its wud show up that kindda golden shade.if u have light brown hair.it wud just add a tinch of gold to it.dats all.it can be used as a highlighter is u have pretty dark hair.and want some nomial hair highlighting, but u need to apply a good amount of it.nd over a good amount of hair for it to be visible. Ok in quality. Unlike other colors this time the result was exactly accurate as shown on the box. Godrej rich creme is better than this one. dont believe this product. Dissatisfied ,bad product.i have previously used loreal casting creme gloss in the same shade which gave a beautiful burgundy tint to the hair.but this product didn't change to the color as described on the box.not even a slight tint of burgundy,rather it had intensified the blackness of my hair. Worth the money. Nice product at this price but why courier is charged when mostly amazon give free delivery.
1300032.0^ Its very nice product. Inner product was damaged. These revlon hair color really ruins your hair. Amazing colour , , add shines to the hair that too without ammonia. I have used amonia free loreal hair color but this time thought of giving it try. The color gives marvelous results after coloring & the quality is very nice. Colour is vibrant. Overall this hair color is quite good. The liquid bottle was less that half full, when i purchase colorsilk from the market it usually lasts 2 touch ups, this was just about enough for one!. Could not realize until return window was closed as i opened to use after a month and realized it was expired product. Tried more expensive ones many times but reverted back to this one every time. Application of this revlon product which is extremely harmful. Then why does the product photo shows a free brush???.  The color shines when under sunlight i say u can go for it. This product does not provide seals on the bottles, so not able to tell, but the liquid content seemed more watery than usual. A little darker shade than is shown.but i am happy with it as it just improved the texture of my hairs and its getting better as it is fading away.love this. Little bit expensive than other site its price other site less than flipkart but there was not in stock so i bought. Money from us for ur waste. Worth.
1300035.0^ Nice.
1300036.0^  Flipkart delivered it on time and packaging was very good. Flipkart delivered it on time and packaging was very good.
1300040.0^ Nice product.& in time delivery thanks. Best in the market. Nice.
1300041.0^ Nice product at very cheaper cost when compared with market price. Terrific purchase. Patient thus i cannot use any hair dye with ammonia. Free from amonia.  Fades away rather fast (compared to other cheaper alternatives).if your skin is sensitive to chemical color..this is not for you. Hair looks very natural after colour. So in my opinion this is the best available hair color for fast root touch ups and hiding greys too. After full application.. leaving it for up to 8 minutes will give desirable results. Very new product (pkd on last month). Excellent and very easy application. Brush / comb accessories is a nice. Because this product is chemical free and no side effect. It is a superb product, hair dye quality is fantastic. Hair texture and colour is amazing. Great product..worth the price.good packaging and delivery. Worth buying.
1300042.0^ Product is fine but the delivery is not fine. Nice product.nice deal price. Product was as expected. It is an excellent hair dye with no side effects as it is ammonia free and saves time. Good amonia. Very nice colour. Hair color does not contain ammonia , which makes prolonged use safe. Awsome hair colour. Just 5-10 minutes are enough. Doesnt stay for long. Have been using this for the last four years. Very easy application. Covers grey hair and is easy. Gives your hair a smooth and perfect finish. Grey hair and is easy. On time delivery,  item quality good and as expected. It actually works in 5 mins. This has a very bad smell. It was misleading and quite upsetting when you try to find a best deal for yourself but are left with disappointed only. Good productbetter than market price. Good purchase.
1300043.0^ I love this color. Nice i love it. Vry good product,i m fully satisfied. Ammonia content is little high. Awesome product.i loved this colour. gooood for black hair. suites for all neighter you are black nor white.thanks filpkart :-). It gives a very very nice color to hair and please don't apply it in the roots. Go for it colour. This product is not expensive and for its price it works great but people should consider if it will suit their skin tone and if someone has longer hair they must take 2 packs to cover there hair. it gives a brownish goldenish tint color. don't​ apply on the roots i strongly recommend. you will get a similar color to the girl in the picture if u use 2 boxes and kept longer as it has a little hydrogen peroxide which has bleaching property and the color will be quite permanent. A great brown color to black hair of medium thickness and light golden brown tint. Worth the money. Worth. Worth every penny.
1300044.0^  Gd product. Worth every penny.
1300047.0^ Box lovely and good. Perfect product. Streax lovely color  i recieved free hair serum in this box lovely  and good packeging.
1300048.0^ If you want to spend less on color then this product is fine but would suggest to go for some good brand for better results. This is nice hair colour in this price, i am happy with the result. Product , so be sure. This color works nice.  A perfect shade that i want and its long lasting upto. Stay is last longer. Golden blonde. Very nice result. I used this product it gives a very smooth texture to my hairs and gives a perfect shade that i want and it's long lasting upto 10 washes or more. Price , i am happy with.
1300051.0^ 4 streax max for long hair. Was extremely excited to receive and use the product. And the quantity is less for longer hair. Not an ammonia free.  Color is a dark blue ( somewhere between a dark ultramarine and indigo ) the only problem. Wirst highlighter ever tried i didnt like the colour it worsten my hair i hated my hair its so dry and it smells like hell i just really really hated it i m sorry to be honest it is the worstest product ever tried. Not an ammonia free hair color. Awesome in 30 minutes. One might have to bleach hair or use it a few more times to get that proper shade.not an ammonia free hair color=============================================================. Application brush makes the streax ultralights easy to use. Gives a slight shine finish to the streak of hair. Just follow the right steps and instructions for colour and care. I bought 2 packets as my hair is somewhat on the lengthier side, and it was ok and the shade suited me as my hair is dark brown to light brown with already done 6 streax of copper golden colour. Its just ok. has too much shine. It works. (editing this review after several uses to add: in 5 out of 6 cases, the pump on the bottle has stopped working while there was still liquid in the bottle. The spray did not work. The color is extremely faint and leaves a weird texture on hair. If you wanna waste money then go for it.lowkey invest the same amount of money somewhere and it will be worth. Frankly saying its price quite high when comparing to its size. It's value for money.
nan^ Hair with dove rejuvenated. I love the burgundy color and price is also good. Not brown totally jet black worst product. Just love this product and it ammonia free and the color lasts for a very long time. It has high ammonia content. It comes with a protecting serum. I am using this product for past 3 years.it don't damage my hair and makes my hair shiny and i get a perfect natural colour. This semi permanent hair colour is just amazing. The colour is very natural.and long lasting. It gives you a natural finishing which i love and also stays for many months. One of the best hair color i have used in last 10 years. The application bottle is the best for touch ups. Best results after two applications. Covers greys , nourishes hairs & no damage. Product nourishes hair and coevr greys the best. Unlike the other henna powders this one does not leave your scalp itchy and dry. My hair is so soft and shiny. Such a pretty color is this so beautiful color nice smell and conditioner gives shiny hair.  Loreal paris excellence creme hair color is the best hair color. Totally love it, makes my hair glossy and beautiful. Well it really had given a nice texture to my hair.being herbal its probably safe for our hair.must try. Wonderful product, easy to use, affordable. I've been using crazy colour for a while and personally i think it's the best for vivid colours for two reasons:1) it's cost effective2) it doesn't wash out as fast as the other quasi colors (assuming you are using a colour protect shampoo &conditioner)it works wonderfully on pre-lightened hair and i use it on all my clients and myself.
