1200001^ It's a nice daily shampoo.but you need a conditioner after this, as it dries the hair.very large packaging. Original product as such a great discount!!. This shampoo is good. It helps to save your hair from unavoidable chemicals in the shampoo. Worst shampoo , lot of hair fall. It adds shine to hair but the thing is there is a lot of hair fall with this shampoo, and i got some leaked bottle. Past few months was using other companies shampoo than had lots of hair fall,than first time tried dove shampoo found very effective i.e.hair became smooth & silky,no or very less hair fall.thank u dove. Really good.mild shampoo without any harsh smell.to irritate urgent head.  Oil shampoo its come with oil nourish. It gives a soft texture to anyone's hair. The deal was good but i received leaked product. The shampoo is excellent for normal as well as dry hair.nice light smell.product is worth for money and it is good for hair.fast delivery by amazon. Good.packing is good price rs.324.
1200003^ Dove is always gentle and nice. Excellent product. It's definitely a good shampoo for daily use  takes care of dandruff and doesn't dry your hair at all. Well if u wanna get rid of dandruff this could be a magical tool but for the after wash dry hair u need to look for som kinda serum to soften them. I prefer it than pink pantene. Plus maintain a good routine and it will keep the flaky stuff away.for best results use with dove hair conditioner. Works well for dandruff. It was also liable offer on mrp of product.the mrp on product was changed which u send.so stop this type of offers. Got it for great price 120/- also got 25% off coupon on super value day. It's worth.
1200005^  Perfect product. Packing was worst but, shampoo was good. It makes my hair so soft and pollution  free❤❤.
1200006^ Awesome economical and safe on hair. It's a very good product for use. In saying that, its a very good shampoo at this price range. Another amazing product from dove that delivers every bit on its promise - this shampoo stopped hair fall in its tracks, and quite visibly. It was anti hairfall shampoo but hair fall increased highly after using this.seems to be fake product. The shampoo is awesome.it prevents the hair fall and left hair smooth and shiny. Not recommended for dandruff, as name says it is for hair fall rescuegood for hair fall control.good form, pleasant smell.if any doubt, please reply to this comment.if you like my review please click "helpful" button below and motivate to write more reviews for your informationthanks and be helpful & loyal.  Much better than other mainstream medium cost solution. Don't trust the product.no use waste of money. Shampoo leakedotherwise it's goodand at a good price too. Please buy smaller pack, test if suitable for your hair and then purchase big bottle.
1200007^ Nice product. Product , this is cheating. Upset with amazon packing as shampoo was leaking when received. I wish dove would never change the formula of this.  Best shampoo i've ever used, 1000 times better than loreal total repair 5, i'm going to use it in future as well. My hair is silky soft and smooth. Do not forget to massage hair roots with coconut pure oil for healthy and falling hair. Suits my hair ,improved texture of my hair. Displaying wrong product with fake discount. showing 47% discount but providing products with mrp rates.  it's too bad. Thank you flipkart. for giving this amazing price. juts@309. Terrific purchase.
1200010^ Dove always makes hair smooth and silky so no complains of the product. Good product. Nourishing oil care shampoo. Natural and organic , and dont contain many chemicals. So it is suitable for my frizzy hair which needs oil. Same problem in my hair..  i m waiting for good result.. Good product. leaves the hair smooth and soft.  Its proved that to nourishing oil care, really very impressive, i have to check it by using long time what extra things this can give to my hair. Terrific purchase. Worth every penny.
1200013^  I did not got what i order.this is ridiculous you must have to be sincere others money were also valuable.
1200015^ Nice smell and nice feel of hair after using!. Nice product. good smell and really nice shampoo. like it  :). The product seems to be fake, its very high at chemical levels as hairs go very dry and foams too much.  My hair are still frizzy and smoothing it is far away work of this shampoo. A smooth and silky finish after shampooing. Light and makes hair bouncy n soft. Transparent gel , unlike all the other cream. Not too good not too bad. dove oil care is better. Dove isn't a product which makes your hair texture this bad. You are wasting money and at the end you will get your hair more worse then before. The manufacturing date was 2015 not up to date and the price exceed the mrp ₹473. Terrific purchase.
1200016^ My hair is so dull and rough after used this shampoo. Dove really did a great job in the product quality in their intense hair therapy series. Nice shampoo for smoothing the hairs.i used this shampoo for last 6 months.and its control my hair fall and improves texture of hairs..it's worthy product.. This shampoo makes your hair silky, repairs frizzy ends, no cases of danruff, reduced hairfall. Best shampoo i have ever used, it gives lots of volume to the hair,  and hair fells soft and smooth as hell. just go for it. Clean and fluffy , which makes us think it increases volume.  My hairs are extremely oil but have a good texture and are smooth and shiny.tried this shampoo to keep away oil for at least a couple of days.though this shampoo did a good job at keeping oil away for couple of days but it made my hairs extremely dry and rough.the day i shampoo the texture is still fine but the next day you will not feel like touching your hair again. Mind blowing purchase.
1200017^ Satisfied with the delivery. Nice product. Very good product. Great value for money, makes hair very soft.  Worth the money. Terrific purchase. * worth for money.
1200019^ Works wonders for your hair!. Fake.worst product worst experience. The cap of the shampoo was broken, the bottle was all dusty and the inside of the cap had dried a little grime on it. I used the serum as well and its actually worth to try.if your are rough,damaged and frizzy. Plz don't buy it, the bottle is filled with some material having different color and very bad smell. I hate this product please anyone who is giving a thought to use this shampoo dont try even its waste of money and your hair.it has drastically increased the hair fall.a perfect s***ty product it is.dont buy. My beautician adviced me to use this but after using this shampoo i've faced hairfall issue. :(. Totally fake product.bt results are good.cape was lose at delivry tym. L'oreal shampoo bottle but inside some other liquid with chemical smell.  I recommend not to use it until asked from a professional because it does not suit many hair types.my hair is very dry and reading the previous reviews i bought this product but now i regret buying it because it made my hair even dryer. Wastage of money with this vendor poor packing, water mix , please dont buy this product more online. It is worth the cost.
1200020^ It's too sticky and takes very long time for the hair to dry!. The product delivered was not original apart from that the bottle cap was tampered. wouldn't buy this product online. It's typically a great shampoo worth every pie. I was in love with the liss unlimited frizz control serum and so decided to give the shampoo a try as well and it works wonderfully does what it says makes hair more manageable and reduces the frizz. I asked for the purple bottle which is keratin complex and they sent me a golden color bottle which is totally a different shampoo.  Love the fragrance but not really sure if it controls frizz though. Perfect for dry frizzy. There is no solution on this planet for hair loss. Texture and quality have visibly improved. Duplicate product its not original waste of money. I felt the quality of product has been compromised.also the quantity, i felt it was less as compared to a purchase from outside. I completely love this worth a try ladies..
1200021^  Terrific purchase.
1200022^ Must buy for coloured hair. Nice product it helps prevent in color fade,. Best color protect shampoo ever. It goes with loreal casting creme hair color.loreal claims that their casting creme color will last 27 shampoos if you use this hair color protect shampoo but i am sorry to say that this does not happen at all and the color lasts 2 -3 shampoos only. Love to use small talk hair serum. Good shampoo for colour protecting. Shine , pink. Superb product my hair looks. Use extra shine, pink one. But it makes hair soft,  freezfree, and also reduced my harfall.its amazing,was not expect from this shampoo.but it did good job for hair.  Protects coloured hair and leaves a nice texture to the hair, bought it a low price with cash back as well. It's a way of deceiving customers.waste of money !!. Good quality and cheaper than market price. Big bottle.value for money.can be also used for dry hair.as it gives a shine coating.
1200023^ Fails to clean or untangle hair. Always have loved this product. Good other then shampoo. Nourishing formula. Serum we cant avoid. Makes hair shiny and dark. Oh my god leaving hair silly and shiny , #mustuse luv it and really hair fall is very very less while washing after oiling. Very good product. made my haur more soft. It really works.thicker hairs and a good scalp what it offers.it is a mild one and with loreals conditioner it rocks.  A nice product, but it does not wash away oil from my hair really well. Loved the texture and fragrance. makes hair so smooth and silky. Hope to see this type of deal in near future. Awsome product in less price. Mind blowing purchase.
1200024^
1200026^ Best part is that you really require a little quantity to lather your hair. The product is really good and effective. Best part is that you really require a little quantity. Plz refund my money 420/-.
1200027^ Nice item at a great discount. Cap / mouth is not sealed resulting leak and wastage of product. Anti dandruff shampoo.  I had hair fall that time i was suddenly change my shampoo and oil.i think may be my hair fall is stop which one is better i don't know do i given a 3 star. Hairfall tremendously. It's a waste of money i'll never buy it again, instead of reducing hairfall it caused 10 times more hairfall. Product was good at good price. The product itself is so good & the extra effort in packaging makes it a worthy purchase.
1200028^
1200032^ Its original products packing very well thanks flipkart timley dilver.. The product is quite good. Even on top of box packing it mention correct product however, in the box wrong shampoo was there.
1200033^
1200043^
1200046^ Makes hair soft , supple , lustrous , smooth and no dandruffs at all. Poor product. Shampoo consistency is so light and smell..still so good for removing dryness, dandruff.its serum is also good.i am using it since 2 months. Recommended for dry and frizzy. Then instead of liss ultime , liss unlimited was received. Really its to bad shampoo u have given.it was expire.m really disapointed such works from flipkart.we hv xpcted a gd things frm u n what u hv given is jst shame less.plz give best things to d customer otherwise they will not trust for ur service as they gave such money for that.  I feel loreal 6 oil nourish is more worth than this. Mind blowing purchase.
1200047^ Geniue product at a good price!. Shampoo is really good. Have been using for a couple of years now and has helped control hair fall.  Worth every penny.
1200048^
1200050^ I think this is a fake product.cause a m regular user of this product.but this time this one has made my hair worse.all ruff.so please think before buying. Its a good product for coloured hair. Best shampoo.  Very good for colored hair , especially after applying hair color. Very nice good result.
1200051^ Vendor and flipcart both are cheating customers with an organised nexus. Big froud by flipkart. Not a genuine product.  It is not foaming or smell like original ones. Terrific purchase.
1200052^ L'oréal professional paris shampoo ks prize online 1599 dikha rha par market prize 575 h so maine to online 620 me purchase kiya.not happy. 8888, delivered the wrong product..
1200053^.leaves hair soft and shiny. Shampoo is excellent for kids. it smell nice and worth every price  will keep ordering for kids as it safe gentle and doesn't hurt their eyes. Good product. Makes hair very smooth and silky. Shiny and soft hair.  Worth buying.
1200054^ This product is very good.
1200055^ But this shampoo keeps my hair moisturised and an oil free healthy scalp. Nice product n packaging too. Average shampoo, nothing great. Causes a great deal of hairfall and somehow made my oily hair extremely dry and prone to breakage, made the scalp oilier. I was happy with the result earlier but after 2 washes i started seeing dandruff in my hair. the problem has gone severe now all thanks to this shampoo and conditioner. Scalp is oily and now its condition is very bad. No doubt it cleans well and smells. Forget about 72hrs of oil free hair, my hair gets oily after a day of using it.
1200056^ Dont know it works for hair. Best product which is provided by amazon at best price. After using it for 3 months i found that this is the best in budget shampoo by l'oreal against hair loss.it really worked.hairfall is now low!!. Product has not improved as per it's quality mentioned and i still face hair fall issue after been using since a month. Not sure the results. It works like it said.  Good product and best discount on month start through amazon pantry. Good but costly give more discount 100 rs is good price for this shampoo overaal its good product buy it. Value for money.
1200057^ Good for daily use , doesnt dry your hair. Very good product for hairs. Anti dandruff shampoo. Pink and this one black suits my thick long. Gentle on scalp and seem to be effective on dandruff so far. It is helpful in hair fall. If you are ready to use shampoo daily then this one works well. Nice fragnance.  Gloss pink and this one black suits my thick long. Cheated by showing higher discount. Mrp mentioned over here is wrong. Price cut is fake.
1200059^ Love this shampoo.makes my brittle hair smooth!. Nice product. Miracle shampoo. Its very nice shampoo whose having bad hair fall.it will help to reduce the hairfall........... Hairs will become smooth and shiny. This shampoo works best with vector conditioner. It leaves behind very calm sort of scent.  At least the previous shampoo could give a nice texture even without a               conditioner. Dont waste your money. Worth money.
1200062^ Good but not for oily hair. better for dry hair type. If you cannot provide good product then inform us, the product you have provided is absolutely not an good quality the shampoo is thick nd water contain too much so don't blame you market. Gud shampoo. Awesome product stopd hair fall nd healthy hair.  Mind blowing purchase. Worth. Worth every penny.
1200063^  Nice. The product arrived in damaged state. Worth good price. Worth. Worth every penny.
1200065^ Has good smell and makes hair smooth. Nic product.  Price worth.
1200067^ Just the perfect shampoo i ever used. Terrific purchase.
1200068^ It is a very big bottle.filled to the brim.nd amazing shampoo.
1200076^ Great product.
1200078^ Nice. It's a very nice shampoo.  Terrific purchase.
1200079^
1200085^  Just i'm ordering the loreal professional liss unlimited shampoo just 640 rs 500 ml. The bottle lids were broken and they did not smell like the original at all.
1200086^ Poor. And surprisingly when i complained fk the lady on the other side told me ' sorry sir we cant help , can i do something 4 u ' sorry fk didnt expect it from you guys. will never ever go to flipkart again (one more thing the product is a total fake). This is auch a nice shampoo.flipkart is the best online shopping site with fast delivery and best prices. Side told me sorry.  Good shampoo but price high.
1200087^ Got an unsealed bottle with the lid broken.but that's not the main issue still it's a completely different bottle.and i won't be surprised if it's a fake. would like to return the bottle but i don't seem to hav an option of doing so.
1200088^ Gives smooth and shinny hair after use. Nice product purchased with nice discount during bog billion days sale offer. Nice product. Cleanses hair but i didn't find any shine being added to my hair. Leaves hair smooth, soft and very shiny. Makes ur hair soft and smooth and trust me.best buy.  I would rather prefer to go by loreal six oil nourish conditioner. I think the result might also depend on texture of different hair depending on person to person. I love this conditioner.simply great.doesn't weigh my hair down.thanks to amazon for discount and prompt delivery. I got the bottle of shampoo empty and all the shampoo in the delivery box  wasted my money. I ordered dis, i thought its a great deal tht market price is 275rs., n i m getting it for 220rs only.
1200090^  Nice. Useless product. Doesnt have smell. Waste of money. Terrific purchase. Worth money.
1200091^ Using this product frm past 1year.suitable for all hair types.my hair is like so soft any shiny. Bad product. It's really a very good shampoo. These are completely fake and masque had already opened,  it has a lot hair in it. I combined this shampoo with liss unlimited masque and the results were super soft manageable hairs.  Waste of money. Worth.
1200092^ Its good product found good deal in flipkart. Doubt on originality of product, disappointed this time.. Shampoo is very sticky. But would havebeen better if flipkart can provide the loreal paris professional x tenso conditioner and serum too.  Using it increased hairfall 10 times faster. Have ordered it 4-5 times and every time the result is satisfactory. Really useful and effective product.after applying this my hair is very smooth n shiny. The product feel good if used after loreal hair oil application. Less and color , texture. Dont waste your money. Good one for the price. Mind blowing purchase.
1200093^ You shouldn't leave your hair after wash it with anti - dandruff shampoo. Intensionaly broken product sent coz product had no return policy. The only problem is that shampoo. Flipkart has nothing to do with it as the product itself is worst.contains high chemicals danger for ur hair dnt use for children n teenagers it whitens ur hair. This is the best duo to make your hair clean, damage free, dandruff free with the shampoo and also soft and shinier with that masque. This is a good shampoo to clean out the dandruff. I had too much dandruff but after using it since 1 year my hair has became soft, shinier and dandruff free.  Oil nourishing. Terrific purchase. Worth every penny.
1200094^ This shampoo is great for coloured treated hair. Terrible product. The product was not packed properly and the shampoo was spilt all around.. It's good and effective for color hair. Shine , and softness , and i havent had any hair fall.  And my scalp stopped itching!. This shampoo has a pleasant fragnance.its creamy texture will nourish the coloured hair and since i last used it, it has taken quite a care of my coloured hair. The shampoo is a waste of money, either it is duplicate or a sub standard shampoo is mixed in it. Terrific purchase. It's worth the money.
1200095^ Loreal professional absolute repair lipidium shampoo are used as cleanses and leaves hair looking smoother and silkier but not weighed down. Duplicate, frinds i am using since last 3 year same product but this time ordered on flipkart and received duplicate. A very good shampoo.  Repair. Not only this shampoo smells with lemon in it.
1200096^ Makes hair sticky if you hair is not shampooed in the third day. Not to good product. This shampoo is good for damaged and fizzy hair.  I was suggestedpositive review of this shampoo,,but it's not work for my hair,,,i had normal hair but after 3-4 times using this my hair become soft and shiny but it become horrible hair fall not suit. Dont do the mistake of buying. One of the best shampoos i have ever used.it turns your hair so spectacular.. though its a bit pricey but its still worth a try.
1200098^ Problem iz nt with flipkart product iz worst high chemicals after using it leads to hair fall n whitens ur hair i used it for 2yrs.go for natural prpducts dnt ever try to use thiz danger sign.
1200099^ Nice. Wasn't delivered the shampoo,it looked tampered and the product was just like a hand wash no foam and no shine rough hair.
1200106^
1200111^ I have naturally silky and fine hair. so i bought it thinking it might help with thickness. worst mistake ever. Product is 100 % authentic. The quality of my hair has  gone bad after using the shampoo. It does make ur hair "feel" good but trust me its better when ur using products without chemicals. Only a good conditioner or serum can do that. I tried for the first time.it is really amazing.it leaves hair so soft and manageble.the colour was also nice. Due to lack of care of my hairs, they were damaged too a extent that i am suffering from considerable hair fall and frizzy hair all the time. Yes it really helped my hairs to repair.they are more smooth and soft then before but it took time for uniform results.at first their effect is for short period but continuously using it for 1 month its effects are really good.try it for a week if it suits and you find loss in hairfall and more smooth hair then go for it else not. Hair is bit silky but not totally silky and doesnot effect on dandruff.  I washed it around 6.7 times within 3 days. and it was then that i realized that the culprit was not the oil but the shampoo itself.it makes your hair v v  sticky and oily.v v v bad product i have to say. I feel in love with l'oreal in my first wash itself gives shiny effect and softness to my hair as my hair texture is normal fine but dull it works out well. So no good deal no discount. Product is good , mrp 125/- & my purchase price is 130/- idont know what is the policy of amazon. Fantastic product which i got at fantastic price.
1200112^ It will completely make ur hair silky smooth unless u can't dry with oil bt dandruff remains constant. Thank you flipkart for such a great product and  the delivery was awesome!. It's such a nice shampoo, it makes our hair smooth ns shine nd it's very less oily i loved the product.  Just loved it. my hair ws frizzy and dull. but from day 1 use. Smooth unless u cant dry with oil. Worth the money. Mrp outside and the printed mrp is also less.cheated. Worth.
1200113^ Nice product make hair. Nice. Classy product.  Nice product make hair silky and shiny. This product is just a must for every girl with curls and whoever wants to add volume and shine to their hair. Worth the money. Cheaper price. Worth.
1200115^ It smells great and does not dry your hair. Nice. Nice product.
1200116^ Hair well , softens and smoothes. Nice deal. Not a good productnot a infective daily moisture.  Moisture renewal shampoo cleans the hair well , softens and smoothes. Good product at a great price. Quality and quality at reasonable price.
1200117^ Leaves hair smooth, soft & helps to manage hair more easily. This is a very good product. The smell of the shampoo is great as well. No shampoo can stop hairfall or hairloss all by itself, as hair health is dependent on numerous factors, like what kind of food you eat, your general health, digestion, nutritional deficiency etc.  It has given me thicker, stronger hair in just a fortnight of usage.the new pantene contains the goodness of oils and pro-v formula perfect for making my hair longer, stronger and healthier. I started using this when i had severely damaged my hair with excessive colouring and heat styling. It has reduced the hair fall problem that i had for such a long time and leaves my hair thicker and stronger. Stronger and smootherless hairfall. It smells amazing, which i just love.and leaves hair so soft after washing. I have found that the shampoo has effectively controlled my hair breakage and also has drastically reduced the hair fall.the shampoo comes in a chic white plastic bottle and is smooth with a fruity fragrance which i really love. Dust , oil. Pantene pro-v hairfall control shampoo is an amazing product available in the market for the hair fall control solution. After using the product for 14 days after taking up the 14 day challenge, i noticed an amazing change in the texture of my hair. The pocket friendly price makes it more than worth it. Good product value for money. Got original product from amazon will discounts.worth it.
1200120^ Pantene for last. Waste product hair ,,,,,,,,,idiot pantene. The best shampoo i've ever used.  Requires a generous amount, but result is good. Makes hair soft and shining. I hope they make available the old classy scent in this product. Worth the money. Price i have rarely seen even on amazon , so definitely much cheaper. Worth.
1200122^ Very good product for normal hair. I tried all varieties in pantene the best is silky smooth care. such a good shampoo for all type of hair.im using this shampoo around 10 years. my all time fav.if you are planning for change your shampoo brand definitely you can try this and you will know the best results.thanks amazon for quick delivery. Packaging wasn't good..shampoo was spilled all under the carton..had become too messy to clean the stuff. Make hair silky and shiny.  I got it for 130 super deal and nice shampoo with fragrance smell. Ntene itself 64rs off mrp 200 only dont get cheated. Offer provided by pantene itself 64rs off mrp 200 only dont get cheated.
1200125^
1200126^  Perfect product.
1200127^ Hair , cleans out all the dust. Product is very good. At an inexpensive price and being paraben and silicon free is a must try shampoo. Its more like using a mild shampoo on my hair without any harsh chemicals. Herbs one ) much better. This did clean my scalp of all the junk and oil and sebum etc but at the same time it gave me dandruff and caused massive hair loss from the roots. I have oily scalp which makes my hair from  front oily too. pantene lively clean shampoo cleans the scalp but makes the hair over dry.  Wrong mrp. It's worth the price with perfect result.
1200131^ Best price and best flipkart. Product is good but the packaging was a bit poor the product got spilled out of the bottle. Its a bit strong shampoo, so it takes out oil from your hair very nicely and my hair is left soft silky and moisturised at-least till 3 daz or even 4. And i was so amazed from the 1st wash itself. Best price. This is my first n last purchase from flikart. Worth.
1200133^ Nice product. The product was good. Its decent shampoo, makes the hair soft and shiny after application, but leaves them very dry the next day.  Not better than pantene hair fall. It was an amazing experience to use this product.my hairfall reduced appreciably and i could feel the volume. Excellent product for you if you are looking for a shampoo for your rough n damaged hairs.i am using n my hairs become more shiny n hair fall reduced. Best price. Happy with purchase. Pantene has always been a big brand for me, suitable and affordable; and this product at a discounted price is worth a thumps up.
1200134^ Shampoo is amazing , hair is more smooth than ever before after using dis!. I just love this product!. Great moisturising shampoo.  It made my hair very soft, silky and manageable and i didn't even use conditioner after washing my hair with it. After washing my hair with this shampoo, they get silky and soft. Mrp is 235 n not 270 as mentioned.dont gv wrong mrp to show more discount. Nice smell.you can go for it. its reasonable as well on amazon. Also suit my hair, definitely worth a second buy.
1200135^ It makes hair soft but that's what most of dove's other variants do. Nice product. Very impressed with the results, for the best outcome the shampoo and conditioner from the same range must be used in tandem.  Results dry and super. Wonderful.my hair becomes so soft and manageable.first time use and just loving it. For those people who are saying this shampoo did not work for them at all were maybe handed a fake one. The fruity-floral fragrance is really nice too!. The moment i applied the backup shampoo i knew something was wrong the fragrance of the shampoo was completely diffrnt it did not smell like the shampoo i bought before from the same seller cloudtail when this product was launched. It makes the hair squeaky clean and removes all traces of oil & dirt. Great smoothness , thick texture. I have dry and damaged hair, and dove dryness care performs better than this with less price. It smells amazing and worth each penny.
1200136^ Glossy shine n soft hair. Very effective product. Worst shampoo. Not sure about the shine though. The one thing i really like about the product is that it definitely makes my hair shiny and this is noticeable from the very first wash. Really makes the hair soft n shiny.  Nice budget shampoo.
1200137^ Makes hair soft but dandruff it work just for 3days but again itching starts after 3days so.not so effective but shampoo don't make hair hard as other anti dandruff shampoo makes. Please don't buy worse product,you will lose your hair completely bald. Best anti dandruff shampoo.
