1400003.0^ Poor. Poor service.
1400004.0^ An amazing product. An amazing product, gives very refreshing feeling.
1400005.0^ Good.
1400009.0^ Excellent night cream. Classy product.
1400010.0^ Good product. Nice product.recommending as a perfect night cream. This product does not create any sensitivity to the sun and is quite mild and affordable compared to other brands. Its good and effects are noticeable in a couple of weeks.  My skin feels soft n supple on waking up. Dnt have been with a non expired cream. It's really good night cream now i want one on a cheaper price.
1400013.0^ Generally none of the sunscreen suits me and causes rashes but this one is the best product i have used.it havn't cause any rashes to my skin. Infact my skin looks good and it is good sun protector.
1400017.0^ Overall good.. Ok product. Scrub , works. I thought the 2% salicylic acid would work. The fragrance of the scrub is fruity and soothing, cleanses and detoxify your face feels fresh after using this!. I liked it. softens the skin. and leaves it looking more n more fresh. even my skin tone looks one shade lighter. Very good , been using it for a month now and i have actually seen my scars turn lighter ,also my skin has bcum radiant. Dont use it daily, twice a week is good. After using this for the last 2 weeks, i can say that it leaves my skin very clean. It take off all the dirt and you are blessed with a clean face. Really good for people with sensitive skin.the crystals in it are not too harsh on the skin and the best part is that it comes with a silicon scrubber too, so that is a plus point.in short, i really loved it. The scrub pad is a little too soft for my comfort so i don't think it does that much of a job. Been using this scrub for the past 1 month and my review is based on that usage.the scrub has a very pleasing fragrance of apricot and the smell bursts out when you first squeeze the product out. Very gently on skin yet works nicely in removing blackheads n leaves the skin tight n soft.  Scrub is good, it remove excess oil and dirt from face. Tried himalaya and found that better for less than half the price. Well worth it.
1400028.0^ Good. Nice. The product is very good.
1400033.0^ Perfect product.
1400041.0^ Only downside is the quantity in a single packaging. Import date mentioned was 03/2016, i made the purchase on jan/2017, so it was from a very old stock.after first use, i think the quality of the product was fine, it really soothes my skin and leaves a lasting cold feeling.  Though the tingling effects vanish quickly but the clean and refreshing feeling is really good. It's the best face wash by l'oreal men.my battle against facewash ends here.it's is suitable for both oily skin and dry skin. It does clean up the facial skin deeply. Dont buy it not worth the price. It's worth it.
1400042.0^ Product is good having good result but oily in.use. Improvement seen by using this product. nice one for melanin control over face.good product. The product seems to be greasy and sticky on face. Not like other moisturisers that take away the glow and give a dark shade to the skin. l'oreal white active not only protects from sun and moisturises, but also gives a white effect to the skin. great product.  And i can't say that it is good right now but it is definitely a good product for mens skin. This cream works wonders from day 1.suggested for oily skin with all skin acne problems. +ve: whitening effect, nice aroma, container-ve: greasy, expensive. Not a big fan of the smell. The best thing about this moisturizer is that it is not only like other cream and mixes on the face very gently.its been few days of me buying this product. Nters , can be a bit greasy. Not many companies make product for man which are reasonable and have good result but loreal have done itif u r buying this cream thinking a ad of fair and handsome or lovely then u might not find this product giving u very drastic result but rather than complexion if you using it as a moisture then u will fill this bring more usefulbut one more thing many people complain for this product it is oily ya its true but if u message a cream on face for 1 min then ur skin will fully absorb it and u will not find it oily. Waste product on even worth of 100 rs.
1400044.0^  I like oiliness in the face which makes skin n smooth it's the best.
1400046.0^ It gives a natural shine to the skin as soon as it is applied and provides good coverage from harsh sunrays.i will definitely buy it again. This product is awesome. This sunscreen has a thin consistency and gives a cooling sensation after application. I want a sunscreen which blends into my skin very easily it gives me skin very light nd smooth touch. This has the perfect texture neither too heavy greasy nor too drying must try if most of the sunscreen breaks you out it has a really light hydrating formula. I really like the cream but due to it's high spf level i sweat a little on the face after using it. It gives a nice glowy finish to face without causing much oiliness or breakouts. It makes one shade darker than natural tone on my face.after applying the sunscreen it makes glossy but my face looks not fair.i m disappointed. Stays for long.  Initially i felt quantity is less but little bit  is enough for whole day. It does not leave any white cast but gives a nice sheen to your face. It adds an awesome glow to my skin. Leaves a fresh. You wont even feel like you have applied a sunscreen and it has got a very light pleasant smell to it. Doesnt makes my skin greasy and long lasting. It does not get too oily or sticky!. The texture is lighter than other variants. The quantity is very less for the price. Size though , and i really wish. !i was very unsure of using dis sunblock since i had tried so many without success.i have dry skin. and it has proved to be worth all d money.1.
1400047.0^ Not good. Feels great on skin. It is a good product, does not make face oily.  Its really brightening my skin and also gives serum like dazzle. Definitely i would buy this again and again.the spf present in this safe gaurds from skin tan. Its just amazing i have a combination skjn n i use this instead of foundation also, it hives my skin an amazing glossy n white finish , i use it in partys too. Have been using it from last 3 months and loving it. This cream is thick and a good moisturizeronly a little amount is enough for the whole face and neck so it will last long brings bright glow on the face when applied consistently.preferred for dry skin and very much protective from uv. I have been using loreal day cream white perfect for years and have been very happy with it. Lends a glow to d skin. No issues except it leaves. Also non greasy and with a pleasant smell. Cream after 2 3 hours face looks so glowing. This is one of the best creams for normal skin type. Doesnt make the skin greasy. Its worth the money spent !. Good for everyday use.got it at a very good rate.thanks to amazon for the fast delivery!.
1400048.0^ I guess good for this price range. Product price bit high.  Foundation / concealer ) effect last. Gud , its like full of slicone n little colour. It's (eye cream + foundation / concealer) effect last for a good 5 to 6 hours. Months of using the product , it turned into a clear. This is not good fr eye cream didn't works fr me but it's works gd fr under base makeup. Makes your eyes shine. Not good fr eye cream didnt works. After 2 months of using the product, it turned into a clear watery liquid and not the cream we saw when we got it. Very good deal. Real productprice bit highbut still worth it..
1400049.0^ I have a combinational skin nd too sensitive trust me it is the best face wash i can blindly bet on it it's already been one year till now i didn't change my face wash nd yeah it will leave your skin dry as it will clean everything deeply nd leave you fresh nd if you're not comfortable there are moisturizer in the market nd this face wash will even help you with your pigmentation part as it did for me nd my skin is even tone bright and pimples free skin. I have a bit oily skin type and i feel good whenever i use it. Total west of money..worst product of l'oreal.  It seems that loreal has changed the formulation of the product as this one did not smell like the earlier one- did not remove my tan- and lead to pimples- now i have never had any pimples on my skin till date- but suddenly i started getting these small bumps and pimples on my skin and thought it was because of hormonal changes- but then i was reminded of the review and stopped using this product and the pimples disappeared. Good product , use it for atleast three month. This 100 ml would last at least 3 months if you use twice daily.i am not sure whether i will buy it again or not; but for sure i will keep using l'oreal face wash only. Years back when i had used this product it had worked. It is a good face was. gives a fresh feeling. for makeup removal it would prove to be a good product. Gives a mild glow to d face. Very good product for skin lightning. I had read the reviews with this product breaking out someone but i ignored the review and still bought the product reason being a few years back when i had used this product- it had worked wonders on me - removing my tan and it had an amazing fragrance to it. Though have to take care of applying appropriate creams on your face.thanks for speedy delivery but got a old stock 09/16 - though says 3y expiry. Nice creamy. Oil washed up , which this product effectively. High quality and worth buying.
1400050.0^ Good. I love this cream. Nice. Makes the skin healthier and does not irritate the skin. Nice cream.
1400053.0^ The best * compared to other face wash. I good face wash. cleans face very well. Prosthe product looks and smells great.  I am using it for last 1 week and not very happy as i find it average not great product.fair and lovely  and lakme facewas does same with lesser price.next time i may not purchase it again. Nyc face wash its clining the face and removing the pimples product is very good. Very good product for oily skin. Amazing.leaves skin so fresh. Awesome fragrance. Leaves skin so fresh. It only clears oil on the face. Amazing , , retailing at a price. I bought it from store the size was big than the amazon size. Good facewash,only a pea amount is required,its worth the price.
1400054.0^ The mask effectively cleans your skin from dirt and pollution particles from within. Used it twice in a week,could feel the difference in just 1st use.i have combination skin and redness on the cheeks so just tried the red clay.it completely reduced te redness and made the skin look even and made skin look radiant.definitely recommend ppl to try this.looking forward to buy the green clay as well. Dries the skin a lot hence preferably recommended for oily skin.  The red clay is like a solid and has a strong scrub effect and low penetration which is more suitable for dry skin.the green clay is like a liquid and has a strong firming effect and high penetration which is more suitable for normal to oily skin.
1400057.0^ Totally loved the mask. I would definitely recommend it. Effective result. It leaves your skin so clean, fresh and smooth.
1400058.0^ Best in the market.
1400059.0^ Price is too much high as compared to other sellers. Price is too much high.
1400063.0^ Good. Good product.  Worth the money. Worth.
1400066.0^ Although product is good , and loreal is a brand , seller packed it very safely , but somehow it doesn't suited my skin so it's a problem , but product is amazing !. Sensational product from loreal. Ok product. The cream and the serum works best for fighting deep wrinkles and replums skin.this revitalift  laser  range is one of the most awaited and best sensational product from loreal.they have promoted this range all over the world  and almost 97% of people have chosen this over any other proucts as it challanges ipl(intensed pulsed lightning treatment  ) and other anti aging surgeries.  I was using top brand international aging cream which were very expensiveand ,wanted to buy cream of good quality but in affordable price so tried many brand thanks to this.it helped and was good for very dry and aging skin.using it for last 2 years. Pores reduction and skin brightening was visible in the old one but not in laser effect. It works wonderfully well. Cream is quite thick and smells a little odd after application. Anyway now the actual thing about this cream is that its really awesome !. One of the best anti ageing creams. Worth.
1400067.0^ Loreal best. My mother has been using this product for a year by now which worked great on her ageing skin. This is very effective anti ageing serum with miraculous result. My skin has become silky and soft.i am very much satisfied and happy with this product. Improved her appearing wrinkles and saggy skin.  Best product for that price range. Worth. Worth buying.
1400068.0^ Nice i love it. Nice.
1400070.0^ Thank you , flipkart. I purchased it for my mother,its an amazing product. When my mother used it,it gave her soft,shiny and healthy skin.
1400074.0^ Poor. Poor quality products.
1400099.0^ Mind blowing purchase.
1400101.0^
1400109.0^ Classy product.
1400111.0^ Its good for sun block in this summer i used it first time its perfect. Loreal as brand is very good n i have been using this product for last 3 yrs. It was very good sunscreen it makes my skin fairer. This product is easy to blend and all types of skin. It easily blends into your skin and gives a glowing effect. Spf 50 sunscreen is very effective. Month , now i can say that it was worth. It gives you a sort of glow when you apply it which stays as long as the product stays on your skin. Using this from the last 3 yrs. Its works fine in cold weather however, not recommended for sunny or rainy day as it increases stickiness and oiliness on face. It gives me fair even skin tone with sunscreen.this is my first sunscreen lotion.it is in creamy texture.it does great job on my skin.after using this i no need any fairness cream or foundations.after face wash i just apply lakme sunscreen nd compact it is enough for me to go college   .it is good to use in daily basis. It's feel soft in my skin, it's gives a slight white cast, which vanish within 10-15 minutes. Leaves a white layer on the face , which gets worse. And i love the mild fragrance it has.  This cream gives sticky and velvety feel after application. Its not greasy, does not make your face too dry. Compared to nivia sunscreen lotion the product is less sticky/greasy. Definitely a waste of money for me!!. And i would say its totally a worth product.matte plus it stays long.i'm going to order it.
1400114.0^ Not good skin is black filling. Sales of those items may be a reason but now many people are looking for those two items.please bring loreal white perfect complete range into your stock. request to cloudtail. Its very bad product.my skin became dry and rough.i was using white perfect lazer day cream it was very good but now its not available in market.  I deliverd my 2nd baby 2 months ago after that skin was so bad asusal.so from last 2months i m using complete set of cream day n night white perfect laser n its anti spot serum.they work amazingly remove all breakout marks with in a week ,hydrate skin nicely otherwise whiting creams generally dry  our skin and give us a clean n glowing face for antiaging i m using olay 7 in one antiaging serum. Excellent product and delivered in just 72 hours. I have purchased same item last month from mall, after finished i have purchased same product from amazone. Years and 1 of them is this cream , i love. No results even after 3 month usage, also sometimes causes itching on face. And be caution it is not a fairness or whitening cream.it just make your skin texture smooth soft and glowing. It is a very light night cream, suitable for sensitive skin also. The consistency is smooth and absorbs real quick. This is really a great cream for all day wear. No doubt in mall price are high as compare to online.
1400115.0^ Good product. Amazing night cream. I got one defective product.  This is the best cream i have seen my wife have some black patches & melanin problem on face after using one week her face glowing better.i recommended to all who have black patches in their face best best night cream. True , this cream was showing 2 years. My skin lost its natural glow and got wrinkles. I hv seen a sheen glow soft supple skin and a fair skin complexion. Currently using it for nightcare,  not all claims are fulfilled by the product.3.5 out of 5not much oily gets absorbef soonno great white or glowing surely you will glow in morning but for sometime may be an hour or 2 fragrance is good.no lasting effects, nothing on blemishes or even skin tone just like a night cream unlike lakme ones, no great difference in my skin tone. Nothing special about this cream. After 3-4 days of regular use, face starts to get dry, reddish and patchy.there are much better creams available in the market at lesser price.. Neither very greasy. V good product and good value for money esp if u get a deal on it. Waste of money.
1400116.0^  Nice. Really gud product but unfortunately i order the night one instead of day one. Keeps your face soft and hydrated. Nice cream. Mind blowing purchase.
1400118.0^ One of the best product.
1400124.0^  The product itself is not a genuine one. I really like this serum. Good for dry skin. It absorbs quickly and gives a smooth feel to the skin. Terrific purchase.
1400126.0^
1400129.0^  I've received an expired product.worst quality. Terrific purchase.
1400131.0^ My wife  used it.she said it is amazing product for dry skin.skin feels refresh.smell is also good.worth the money. This is best of loreal got it for 550 best deal from amazon.seen results after 3 days fine lines dissapeared by 70% after 1 week with zero breakouts. The expiry date is very closeextremely disappointed with the product never expected that it will have such a short period. Its smell is very strong due to alcohol.not at all worth the price.  Good night cream for dry skin. A good quality , light weight face moisturiser. Its soft on skin, absorbs quick. its good. but its got nothing about all that fancy stuff written on its package or shown in the ads. No effect on dark spots and wrinkles watsoever.is only a moisturising cream that to of very high cost. Other antiaging creams of one third price gives better result.
1400134.0^ My wife loves this product as it has good results. Just loving the product.its totally amazing. i have medium skin stone which oily, the bronze suiys very well on my skin.after the several try i finally got a good cream for daily use. it smells nice. i suggest u to buy this product with low price @ amazon. thanks to amazon service. Seller. u should be more careful while disptching product.dont disptch wrong product. Provides an even toned look for everyday purpose and blends very easily. 3) it stays around 6-7 hourscons: 1) its just like a foundation and dont expect that it will improve the skin complexion permanently.its just for some hoursoverall: a very good product for office going or college students!. Compact powderthe spf. If your skin color runs a bit more on the fair side but not actually that color and beige nor brown works for you, i would recommend a mix, cause that's what my mother uses, she is on the lighter side so equal parts of both the bronze and beige work very well for her. I like a natural finish to my face rather than made up. The shade somewhat suits to all dusky skin tone so just apply under a loose powder and you are ready. Last almost 5 6 hours. Just needs a bit compact touch up after 5 hrs.only thing is that it makes my cheeks a bit dry, but thats ok. just apply some moisturizer to the cheeks and the problem is sorted!!. Lasts ive heard - good buy. Face , not flaky. I have a fair tone but by mistake i got bronze. but i didn't like to waste a whole tube so i started applying it and now it's ok. and i am planning to get beige. Unfortunate that they think indians come only in two skin.  Its osm..n nice smell.easy to use.. Nice , after application. This cream before makeup give so much glow. Gives a flawless texture. So buy it in online you can save your time and your money. Price , thanks. Anyways, this is worth the price.
1400135.0^ It's good. Over all its a good product but it didn't work for your pores may it can work for you but not for me it didn't minimize your pores but as a toner it is a good product and clean your face very well and also it's smell is very good and yes you can find this product cheaper in any make store if i wanted to give this product mark out of 10 as a toner soo i will give it 8 but as a pore fix toner  i will give it 3 out of 10 {thank u }. Have been using it for a month now.havnt really seen any results on the pores.works ok as a toner but as promised it doesnt work well for the pores. I have oily skin and being an alcohol free product it works very well for me. Impressive results in a month. It really works on pores in just a week.must try. Face becomes darker , and gives a tanned look , which is very dissapointing. I have a teally oily skin with big pores. Seriously,i got bought this product just a few few days ago.it really works good for pores. My pores have reduced  and i am more impressed with the fragrance.  So i apply only on large pored places on face during morning or going out ,night i use over all places to remover any left out makeup after cleansing ( who care if ur face is oil in sleep , if its safe from breaking out). Just a spray mist. Worst product ever used waste of money font buy it. Mind blowing purchase. Its my first experience of using this product and found it really a worth.
1400136.0^ Good cream. Great deal great product thank you flipkart.. Gets absorbed and gives a good finish but that doesn't last the whole day.  It changed my face to soft. Awesome product, after use my face looking very white and glowing , its very usefull thnxxx. Very nice product from lakme , non greassy and makes your skin. I got it because i needed a day creme which wont be excessively oily but would nourish. Non greasy and gives a perfect gloss look. Worth the money. Worth. Worth every penny.
1400137.0^ Its too good. Nice. Very good product at good price. After that flipkart called me to say sorry for the delay, and assured me that the product will be delivered within 24 hrs. Its been a week since i started using this product and it has given back the soft fresh look on my face when i get up in d morning. Wd no greasy texture but in terms of glow.wasn't up to the expectations. Glow to your skin. Makes the skin radiant and soft. Aaaaw not good for oily skin. fragrance is good bt not suitable for my skin. Scent is way too strong.  It adds an instant glow to the skin an the gel base is too smooth. Though i got it at rs.363 from amazon & the mrp is 599.order only to wake up oil free.don't expect much!. Very cheapest product compare to market price.
1400138.0^ Not good. Vry nice. Awesome product.  Not suitable for dry skin.it make skin harsh. My skin is normal type not too sticky nor too dry. Absolutely worth my money. Mind blowing purchase.
1400139.0^ Lakme is anyways good but the price i paid made me feel more good. It's nice but doesn't lather up to much. and it is gel consistency.. Excellent product. Big fan of this fruit. Basic face wash nothing special,but face feels as cool as using menthol.  I liked the colour though, was bored of using red colour all the time. Very beautiful product,  the brand  lakme name is maintained and original product delivered to me.it is very helpful in removal of black spots increasing pink glow on face. Watever fragrance was there it is lasting for less than 10second. One tube of 100ml lasts about 3 months which makes it so budget friendly. Nice face wash.dries up the skin a bit. excellent for people with oily skin. skin feels really clean after use. Gives extra glow to face.loved it. Wonderful skin. I love this product.good smell.and fast delivery.i recommend this product. Will repurchase the strawberry variant for as long as i can. Good product spending money. Value for money. Good product. worth value.
1400140.0^ Pkg is not good its almost open. The product was not properly packed there was leakage inside the package... awful packaging.. it was disgusting to see that... Very bad quality. Makes skin clean and removes oil and dirt.  Gives u that glow on your face making u ready for  party glow. A nice face wash with beautiful fragrance. Worth the money. Mind blowing purchase. Worth.
1400141.0^ The product is little good but not as much as expected.. Its nice and it easily blend into our skin and it somewhat oily.but it is nice for dry skin. Smells like a flavour of veet product. It is very good blends perfectly in the skin but fragrance is not good moisturises the skin but after on wash with little water gets out and skin dries off but is absorbed by the skin. Lakme peach milk moisturizer keeps skin smooth and supple. Gud product. place the order fast atleast in one week. Instant glow,good smell n soft skin. Fragrance is very nice. This is a good moisturizer for all skin types makes skin soft shrinks pores but doesn't have a pleasant smell.  Its a very good moisturizer and non sticky, it hydrates and moisturizes ur skin and makes it look supple and soft. Worth the money. Just great price. Mind blowing purchase.
1400142.0^ It's really good for oily skin as it doesn't make skin oily n great thing with spf. kps ur skin hydrated with sun protection.great for combination to oily skin. Super face moisturizer. Yeh bht acha product h or isko use krne k bd face smooth or soft rhta h. Formula , hate. Lakme peach milk moisturizer is best for dry skin in summer. It is a perfect mosturiser which is very light in texture and provides glow to face with spf. Moisturise your skin and gives a nice colour. The lakme peach milk is a lightweight and quick absorbing moisturiser gives my skin a non greasy finish and keeps it soft and hydrated you can also apply this under your make.absolutely must have for this winter season.love this product,thank you nykaa. Been using this since an year,it's sooths n gives you a pink glow.n has pleasant fragrance.love nykaa. I'm using lakme peach milk moisturiser from last few months. I'm using it form last one year. I am using this for last many years and always find this best. I have been using this moisturiser since 4 years.it is really good for normal skin, makes your face so soft.it blends really well on the face.well,i could not found this product more than 120ml,i wanted more than 120 ml which could last for so long.but,neverthless lakme peach milk is the best moisturiser. Gives you a fresh look and soft skin. It has a very pleasant fragrance, feels light on application, and easily absorbs in the skin. And the smell is just awesome!.  It is not greasy too. It smells good.gives a little peachy effect to your face but i find it sticky on my face. Love its texture. It makes my skin soft n smooth, really light on skin, great for daily use, n really affordable. Amazing product for this price!. It is worth the price.
1400143.0^ And buying from flipkart is too best as forever. Nice. The product is quite good.im happy wd the prdct. Best product for dry skin.  Nice cream. Lotion is best. Worth the price. Worth.
1400144.0^ Lakme skin winter care lotion because it is essential for to keep the skin healthy. Product is good. Very nice , even in this light winter.  Product is good and it's is working skin is glowing in winter as well. False advertising had ordered for lakme skin gloss winter intense moisturiser lotion with blue label but received winter intense maximum moisturiser feel like cheated by amazon. Couldnt bear the smell. Cream shown in the picture which says its " " lakme skin gloss winter intense. Worth the money. Worth. Worth every penny.
1400145.0^ I have been using this cream for more than 2 months.it still has not stopped the tanning of my skin believe i got a fake product from flipkart.i suggest fellow buyers,please do not buy such products from flipkart as the quality is questionable.its better to buy from a reputed store. Soo good.i am soo happy using dis cream.im using dis cream for four years.i'm tension free for my face.so..good product. Great product. Excellent product..using since last 6 yrs.make my skin look more fair.shld really buy. Best product. skin becomes fair and smooth. really awesome.  Mind blowing purchase.
1400146.0^ So that's good for me. It works great. Fast delivery for product. Good for my skin. Mind blowing purchase.
1400147.0^ Nice. Great product. In one wash face ll bcm verrry fresh and bright without any cream. Nice cream, get good glow.
1400148.0^  This has been my go-to sunscreen for years now. am happy that its like a foundation so it covers your blemishes as well. :).
1400149.0^ An overall good product,but not for sensitive skin.it does not leave any oily residue but somehow manages to irritate the skin.gave me zits ,so i will not repurchase it.the packaging is good,a bit too heavy ,i would rather prefer the earlier pack of almond anti wrinkle cream. Packaging is good , a bit too heavy , i would rather prefer. I bought this for my mother its working perfectly superb you can see the change.my mother loves this product.  Non oily  perfect fr all skin type.i liked the fragrance too.
1400150.0^ Has a refreshing fragrance that last for good enough time. Smell is nice. Doesnt stay on for very long , other than that there is nothing special with the product. Average moisturiserhas aloe. A good product for summers as it has spf. It is very good and keep skin moisture for full day. aloe vera is always good for the skin.  Used to trust flipkart a lot but can't believe they sold me a product which exceeds its expiry date an year ago. If anyone uses it during summer as body sunscreen that would be appropriate. Not for super dry skin. The product is very nice,very soft fragrance,and the moisturizer is very smooth and gentle on skin.the amazon packaging and delivery were too gud. Its a good non-sticky lotion with fresh fragrance.but it seems the sunscreen protection is not enough for harsh summers.. Soothing body lotion. Does not protect from sun rays, not so greasy,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,. This lotion smells terrible but luckily the smell doesn't stay on for very long, other than that there is nothing special with the product. Money , misbehaving. Mind blowing purchase. Super. worth of cost.
1400151.0^ But it dose feels good and helped me with dark spot problem. Non greasy and easy to blend moisturizer. I love this product!. Compact / foundation.  After years of looking for something that does not cause breakouts on my skin and provides non-greasy long-lasting moisture, i have found the best solution yet.the only downside is that i wish the effect was more long-lasting. After hours of research i have finally got a good product. Liked this product , using twice. Best for men with oily and acne prone skinusing from last 4 years. Worth buying. best moisturiser i have used till date. Good product.best for oily skin. It suits oily skin but may result in rough skin.also after washing your face,there is a healthy glow. Worst fragrance. I have den used it in winters n hre's my experienceit hydrates skin well, n gives a healthy radiant look without any greasy feel or appearance. It claims it is oil free moisturiser and i bought it thinking it will cause my oily face to looknormal.it will definitely reduce oilyness but will not completely eliminate it. It has a very natural smell and water gel texture. This moisturizer is a waste of money. Very hydration and soothing moisturised.worth the price. Nice product, definitely worth the money spent.
1400152.0^ Received wrong product.
1400153.0^ Good product. Very very good product. Perfect scrub.. use in little qty. everyday also can.  It has a pleasant fruit smell after a wash and the mild scrub totally rejuvenates your skin. Dangerous chemicals , like sls , paraben. And now the reasons why you should have it from amazon.well if you are a regular amazon lover than you mused have already known it.it is on amazing discounts here if you are lucky to get one during the discount period.comes so nicely packed. No irritation or harshness after use.i have used been using it for over a year and love it. Using this sine last 10 years.it is best product for oily or dry skin.does not make skin dry like others after wash.very little quantity used gives good results. Gives  clean n blackheads free skin. Good product, leaves ur skin fresh,  soft and supple!. The skin feels so soft and the whiteheads are gone. Leaves the skin feeling soft. Guys don't buy this.i ordered this i got beard hair cream whts wrong wit ths people very sad nt satisfied at all. Compact not in good condition it was not sealed the compac powder came out when i open the packer rest all producet were sealed. It's keep the moisture content after use. n gives a smooth texture. good for normal skin. Good deal. It cleans your face. make it soft and clear of all dead cells and dirt, and gives u a light glow as well. its a very good product for rs 150 and gives much more returns for its price. Good scrub for all skin type.worth it.
1400154.0^ Good product. Really v nice texture n scrubbing beads make u feel fresh n soft. The best product. Dont be fooled by the brand name theres nothing herbal. Dont be fooled by the brand name theres nothing herbal about it , it even contains parabens. Excellent product , i have been using this product since two months. I am using it from last 3 years and everytime i bought it from amazon. I lv dis face wash n using since 4 yrs. It doesn't make my skin dry after wash and not harsh at all.it clean my skill in good manner. This lotus facewash easily cleanses all the dirts and dusts from the skin.  and gives a brighter and fairer look.along with a smooth skin. Nice plumy fragrance.  Hmmm it's so so, as its a gel based scrub its fine. I hve oily skin.it gives me a fresh look.smells good. worth fr the money. Can be priced a little less. Very effective.doesnot leave the skin dry.total value for money.
1400156.0^ Awsome product.i used it several tyms and its happening in satisfactory way.it brighten my skin totally.i used many other products of lotus.but this product required only 5 stars..
1400157.0^ Its good.delivery of amazon is always good. Found it good. Quite an amazing product, will definitely buy it again. It stain blue color after fash.that's really yukkkssss.it won't give any glow and skin lightning effect  but really reduce oil but still not upto as it say..disappointed :(. Not much long lasting , and stays for a few hours. I just love using this at least twice a week. I am using this from last 4 years its very good for any type of skins.thanks flipkart for perfect shipping and packing. Good packaging n delivery. but d mask initially causes some irritation but later on its fyn n d face after wash was so supple n soft. always happy to rely on lotus n flipkart. Always makes my skin glow after. I hv normal skin. Fragrance is awesome.  It is good for oily skin as it leaves the ski oil free even hours after application. Already use this product from long time.nice to have it in reasonable price and thanks for quick delivery by amazon.in. Worth.
1400158.0^ Good.  Nyc product. Worth every penny.
1400159.0^ Good product. It is a very good product. Better to use in winters only.. It may be too heavy and cocoa butter has a comedogenicity of 4 on a scale of 0-5, 0 being non-comedogenic and 5 being highly-comedogenic. Best herbal product ever!!!. Spf , doesnt have the typical coco fragrance and it smells.  But, there is some shine left but your skin will not look that oily6- normal skin people may find this shiny on face but dry skin will love it absolutely7- it moisturizes so well and this bottle even the small one lasts so long. Yrs and i am happy. Has been good for my dry skin. This one is very very good.nice smell and good care of skin. An amazing product by lotusit really smoothens the skin by moisturizing and nourishing making the skin feel soft and glowing. Leaves a bit of shine. Scent doesnt stay long. Not much effective over skin, doesnt like the smell. Low quality body lotion. I didnt feel that it was a original product,as it smelled like ponds cream. So dry skin hotties, enjoy playing with this thick, creamy, fragrant and nourishing lotion!. Available at a good price too. Mind blowing purchase.
1400161.0^ See the product is good but what i want to say is that when i received the product it was empty. Grt product.  Love the formula. It also has a nice and mild fruity scent that seems like a very natural fruit fragrance. Works so good gives you a fresh looking skin using it since a year good for aged skins as the signs of ageing visible is less now.thanks to amazon. Also it is grt substitute for clean up. thnx. It has a very smooth creamy texture and dries gently on the skin without becoming too hard or caky. The fruit based face pack is said to be hydrating and nourishing and indeed after using it the skin feels soft and supple. Decent fruity smell. Very good as per budget and delivery (.). Totaly waste of money.after wash there is no effect. Assured product , i purchased by mrp.
1400162.0^ Smell is quite good but its no protect sun. Very good product. Good quality product.  It has uva, uvb protection and pa+++. Worth every penny.
1400163.0^ Flipkart itself spoiling their good name.  Great product. Worth the money. Worth.
1400164.0^ As usual very fast delivered and good packing. Nice. Nice nd good product. Worth the money. Worth.
1400165.0^ Didn't work so well in removing my kajal (i use lakme eyekonic black).had to use a moisturizer to remove it :/ otherwise good product. refreshes the skin and does not burn my overly sensitive skin. Pros: cheap, comes in spray bottle, works okay.cons: not too good, does not shrink pores like it says on the pack.if your skin is not too bad and you're trying toner for the first time it's a good product to choose. Gud toner.skin feels really moisturised brighter & plumpy after using this toner.but it has paraben as preservatives. For those who prefer a non chemical and natural toner for your skin just go for this one. Herbal fragrance and doesnt burn. It does not help in controlling oil for long but occurrence of pimples reduces visibly.verall its a good toner for those with oily and pimple prone skin.i would have rated it 5 if it was paraben free and 100% natural.and one more thing i dislike about it is its price.pros-  1.suits oily skin  2. help prevent pimples. This product perfectly suits on oily skin like that of mine.i use it morning followed by lotus white glow face foam and really the glow lasts for atleast 7-8 hours. very useful.u can see the difference within a week. This is a very nice toner,specially for oily skin.it may not show results very soon but the longer you use it the more you are gonna love it.it helps skin recover from a bad break out.doesnt prevent breakouts but calms skin and also gives you the fest feel!im using my third bottle right now.you have to give this a try.it doesn't cause irritation or breakouts unlike many toners in market. Glow to my face with regular usage 2 times. Dont dry out my skin its just perfect and yes i have oily skin. Overall a good natural toner for sensitive skin. So refreshing and leaves the skin hydrated.  It's too irritating for sensitive oily acne prone skin.(it irritates the ph level which creates more sebum on skin and also enlarged the pores). and it also leaves a sticky layer on skin,,,, as i have oily skin i can't apply any cream after this and its does not maintain any ph level of skin rather worsen it, i have switched to simple rose water. It removes dirt and excess oil really well, even from the freshly washed face i can see dirt coming out. Dirt on faceherbalhas a spray. Its not so good and not so bad.according to its price its work well. but it can be more effective. its good for daily use not for occasions. Not that effective in reducing pore size. Product was quite up to the mark.what it claims is quite exactly what it does.it did help me restoring my ph balance but i am not sure about pore tightening,as i didn't find any difference after using.worth spending a buck.so try it!.
1400167.0^ Great. Great product.
1400168.0^ Its good for dry skin ones so so hydrating cream that your skin actually starts to glow and you look bright youthful. Smells good and skin feels nice. It is good product,skin became soo soft after using it. It's a best herbals nutramoist cream. And kudos to spf 25 :-d yay!!!.  Great product..seems like the one i have been searching for..too good for my dry skin without stickiness.i love the aroma.. and all dis without being too heavy on my pocket.1 jar will last 2 months i think.loving it :). Waste of money , got one year. No more flaky and itchy skin. Wowww super soft and nice smell. Fragrance is mild and good too. And the cream is really good for winter. It is a very nice night creamit comes in a glass jar with screw cap there is also a mini protective lid inside.pros:-it is light pink in colour and smells divine.very light in texture and absorbs very quickly and dose not fell greasy. Non sticky , absorbs quickly and makes my skin soft and supple. Worth the money. In that rate it is good price. Good product.worth for money.
1400169.0^ Received and started using this product yesterday.it is too early to say whether it works well on pigmentation.this is more suitable as night cream, since oily.suitable for normal to dry skin.i wash face with good oil free face wash and then apply it so that it does not become too oily.skin feels smooth after application.i use aroma magic (blossom kochchar) c vitamin day cream, that i love as it gets absorbed in skin fast.this is is good for making skin smooth. Moisturises too much.very nice product for very dry skin..can be used in winter only.causes sweat during summers. Beware :p araben containing product. Cons:not very efficient when it comes to removing blemishespros:1.it is a decent moisturizing cream which does impart glow on regular usage.2.the quantity is enough to last for months.highly affordable. Very much satisfied after long period. But effect not showing so earlier.i have been using this cream for last 1 year year and its really works. Even, this can be used as facial massage cream leaving amazing glow to skin. In fact, in my last order i had got the original product which worked great on my skin. Fragrance is awesome. Mild fragrance make us feel good.  Loved this cream. It maintains moisture of the skin but not at all greasy. Price is also reasonable.
1400170.0^ Its good everytym i use dis cream nly becoz its suits me.so people can use it if they hv normal skin. Nice. I have been using this product since a long time so i can  detect the difference in it. Srsly nice product.i use it from last 8 month.its a grt product. I use this product from 5 years and the results are amazing. M in love wid dis product.use it daily as a substitute of foundation.it keeps my skin hydrated and glowing throughout the day. Good everytym i use dis cream. I really liked this lotion from the lotus range as it is light fresh and easily get along well with my makeup it compliments my skin and keep it hyderated after a shower. Mind blowing purchase.
1400171.0^ It's amazing.my skin started glowing after the regular use of lotus herbal quinenourish cream. It is good quality product. Perfect product. I use it once a week and my skin starts glowing immediately after using. After using as instructed, surely it will make skin soft for 2 days. Excellent message cream. Although the cream is good but i feel its a bit costly.i bought other products giving better result at low cost. Good product at very competitive price. Mind blowing purchase.
1400172.0^ It is a good product, but not that good for people with oily skin. This sunscreen texture is very liquidy just like water not suitable for face.  Good sunblock solution. It is the best sunscreen out there,sweat proof,water proof,light weight with sufficient spf and convenient packaging. The spf is 50 which provide good protection for some hours, its in spray form so it doesn't show on face, doesn't get washed up by sweat and its easy to apply. Non stick spray.long lasting. I have been using it for past 5 years no complaints. I have used this product for a long time and can clear tell that it is not for face. It doesn't make ur skin oily. and gives good protection against us rays. just go fr t. On the contrary, it is quite good for people who have dry to normal skin. I am extremely fair still leaves a white layer on my skin if used alone. Is water resistant so when you sweat it still solves the purpose of protection, i am using it on daily basis and it serves my purpose while riding the bike, no smell and u can still apply other cream on top of it. Doesnt make d skin all oily n greasy. Protection for some hours , its in spray. Mind blowing purchase. I have oily skin and hence i opted for this product.this product is oil free and is of very good quality.gives you proper protection from the sun if you reapply it every 3 hours.totaaly worth the value.
1400173.0^ I have very sensitive skin, this one is good for sensitive acne-prone skin. The indian summer formula is a very apt name for this product.lotus herbals provide some of the best skincare.this sunblock not only protects your skin from uv  rays but is also perfect for under makeup. Using it past three months. must say best sunscreen liked so far. melt properly in skin. good fragrance. yea but sometimes feel my skin dry. otherwise best shield for face skin. little bit amount and blend properly. and u r ready to go.  Spf of 20 is sufficient. It is my hg sunscreen.i love all safe sun products from lotus herbals and this sun block cream is no exception. i usually spend very less time under the sun. that?۪s why, this spf of 20 is sufficient for me for daily use. but if you spend longer duration under the sun, you may require a higher spf for complete protection from the sun. this cream is a light, moisturizing sun block cream which does not leave a white cast like other sun block creams and lotions. it doesn?۪t take any time in getting absorbed and smells of berries as the name ???breezy berry?۪ suggests !!!!ill now, this cream has posed no problems for me and is a perfect daily sun block. Well equipped with protection from both uva ( harms collagen ) and uvb(gives you sunburns ). So good , it just melts into your skin. I use it on my body and it works well. And i totally love its vanilla fragrance. It leaves a subtle glow and gives a decent daily sun protection. The smell is good too as suncreens usually don't smell that great. It makes your skin look glowy after application and keeps it hydrated for long. Safe sun sun block cream. I have dry skin and this didn't dry my face or make it too greasy. Cost effective and i'll suggest others too to give it a try. Worth. Worth buying.
1400174.0^ It is good ☺. And of course, great as a sunblock. Great product.  Excellent product its like a foundation. I actually loved it. better than other bb creams nd the best part contains spf. A perfect balance of moisture , spf and a mattifying finish. Long lasting. It's non greasy and gives a glow to my face. It is a tan prevention cream which is good for skin. I have used the anti tan one from this range and it actually worked. And its fragrance is lovely. It's perfect for all skin types and all seasons, and leaves your skin looking smooth and glowy. It's awesome cream but quantity is too small. This is one of the very few creams with a perfect balance of moisture, spf and a mattifying finish. After i unlocked  the pack of lotus cream i found the quantity is very less according to the size of pouch. Worth every penny. Good worthy.thank u flip cart.
1400175.0^ Thank you flipkart. Genuine. Give it a try. you will never regret.
1400176.0^ Good. Good product. Terrific purchase. Worth the money. Worth.
1400177.0^ Good. Nice product. It's a very good product. Happy with its effect. Worth the money. Worth. Worth every penny.
1400178.0^ Its a normal product with good fragrance.but not lightining and brighting your skin. Its nice. Very good product.  Very good for sensitive skin as well as it uses herbal ingredients. Ok good product.it gives smooth and bright finish. I use this for last 6 months and dont want to change it. Plz continue it at least 2 weeks for better results. Years and i hav noticed remarkable. Pls dont buy this product.this face wash is like shapoo.your face will become dull while applying.some say its good but from my view i am not even satisfied with the product. The product came really fast. and very very well packed. the texture of the face wash is really light weight. it lathers really well and the fragrance is really pleasant. if  you have oily skin it is really a very good product for you. The best products of the skin. The fragrance is good, the skin feels refreshed after use. Good cream. Suitable for only oil skin. Sad dat i wasted money over it. its better i stick 2 the one i use to use before. Nyc one.loved it.i loved dis one and next time i will order it again.courier facility z da best.best deal.buy it. No working, waste of money. It suits my skin andi got it at an amazing price of rs126 from amazon.
1400179.0^ Product is good but delivery charge too cost. Great product. Mind blowing purchase. Good for oily face.  Worth the money. For rs.100 it's decent for the amount paid.
1400180.0^ Great. Best in the market. Amazing product. Amazing product.everyone must try lotus which gives very good results when used on regular basis. Very nice product for sensitive skin. Givess very smooth texture on face. Worth the money. Terrific purchase. Worth.
1400181.0^ Nice. The product i received was perfect in packaging and inside too. Happy with purchase. The creams were of original company and the application  was smooth. Application was smooth. Creams were of original company and the application was smooth.
1400182.0^ Not good for oily skin. Product is nice, with a very mild fragrance and smoothen skin in few seconds. Excellent product.very smooth. It blends perfectly n makes face glowing. Do not buy lotus herbals products they r not herbal. Spf benefit.  Its about to finish and willing to buy again. Appreciate this product , therefore , giving order every month. Product is very good, i have sensitive skin and this moisturizer hasnt caused any break out yet.only thing the lid of the bottle is very fragile and it cracked within 1 week of usage. Such such such a value for money product from lotususing it since last 3 years and is fully satisfied with the producta big fan of lotus products. The prob is that while you try to evenly rub the cream on your face powdery remains of the cream appear. It give immense glow. Awesome cream for any type of skin. It gives the matt finish and leaves your face soft and moisturized. The cream is too oily and sticky. Lotus white glow gel is good product. As the label says skins definitely gets white after using this cream, it blends well n the skin leaving no greasy look, and its for all skin types, its a good product. But this a money waste product at least for men. Price is only fair. Amazon price 270 its worth fullthank amazon.
1400183.0^  Thanks for ekart and thanks for flipkart.
1400184.0^  Good. Good product.
1400185.0^ Mind blowing purchase.
1400186.0^ Unexpected from flipkart. It's good but my skin is very dry. Awesome product please try it.  She has been using it for the past 2 months and i can easily say that her skin glows now with reduced wrinkles and age spots. It's a product that works truly. Fragrant. Have been using the cream for under a week, so can't really  make out any changes however the cream as such is odourless and is easy to apply. Mind blowing purchase. Worth. Worth every penny.
1400187.0^ Not good product. This is a good product. Mind blowing purchase. Brings amazing radiance and glow on your skin within couple of days of usage. Greasy for summer , moisturising.  Got the best deal. Worth every penny.
1400188.0^ The product was original nd really good.delivered on time.thanks to flipkart.wonderful experience. Money worth product , don't hesitate to buy it works.  Money worth.
1400189.0^ Thanks flipkart. If you want to have a good moisturizer without a heavy and sticky feel, then this one is very good. Not very happy after using th product. I have oily acne prone skin and it never broke me out. Glow. Really good for sensitive skin.  Feels light on the skin; gives mild tingling/burning sensation upon application for a while; doesn't seem to be doing anything significant  in terms of anti-aging/removing pigmentation/scars; just seems to be good for hydration for oily skin. Good cream. Mind blowing purchase. Worth every penny.
1400190.0^ Nice product cleanses the face well and good but the mini capsules are alittle hard to blend and of no use but other than that its gud especially for combination skin. Not nice. Great product.  After using it my complexion got clear and bright within 2 weeks. I used one complete tube, its a ok product cleans the face and doesnt dry the face but would need a mild face  cream after the wash. doesnt do anything exceptional. Worth the money. Mind blowing purchase. Worth.
1400191.0^ Superb face wash. Makes my skin rejuvenate.  smell  is good. I bought it depending on the reviews and this is a 2nd purchase. love the product. discount is real good. thanks amazon for that. I love this herbal pack but guys n gals if it suits on u then only buy or else dont buy i have got result after using this lotus herbal.  Very good product good for dry skin. Clears my face. Satisfied with the face wash. really works well on tired skin. Clears my face, leaves no dust or oil over the face. Best used with lotus white glow gel creme. I really like the face wash.it suits oily and acne skin.how to use it?answer is here first pour it into the palm then crush the capsule on the palm.after crushing capsule ,rub the face wash between the hands and massage all over the face.after washing your face apply toner ( non alcoholic example himalya toner)then apply moisturizer on your face (i use clean and clear oil free moisturizer )then u see the difference.. Lotus products are good as always, got in lighting deal for less price than shop. Mind blowing purchase. Worth.
1400193.0^ Best face wash i ever used for my face. I think it is good for them who r looking for gentle face wash which doesn't let your skin dry. Dont cheat by pasting 120 g sticker on 80g product. Months gone havent get a single active. Good product for oily skin , if used atleast twice. Last 5 years. Dont if it works for acne. Good product for oily skin, if used atleast twice a day. Skin its not only good.  Budget. Thanks lotus i will keep buying this product. Minimum in 3 days it will just reduce the size of pimple and does not stop acne on face.
1400194.0^ All herbal means not all r good & safe.use organic message oil at night instead of whitening cream serum nutranite. Its nice but smells bad. Realy realy good product.  Has good result on my dry skin , using since 2 months. Perfect night cream for normal to light oily skin, very light fragrance, result is good after one week of daily application, skin is more supple and it also reducing the dark spots. So light nd nice cream, its like feature touch. i m using it since last year nd very much satisfied by its result, gives soft nd glowing look, now its my second purchase with amazon very happy with product. Gives a glow on skin after regular usage. This is just a fantastic cream.texture is awesome and  gets quickly absorbed  in the skin , totally  moisturise from  within  and you can see the difference  once you wake up in the morning.the skin remains supple  very silky  and you feel  totally  happy about yourself.i will  recommend  this every  women with fairly dry skin types. Very pleasant fragrance. It is a very nice night creamit comes in a glass jar with screw cap there is also a mini protective lid inside.pros:-it is white in colour and the smell is very very nice it smells like fruits.it is a bit thick in texture in comparison to the day cream of same brand but absorbs very quickly and dose not fell greasy. A faint layer is felt after application. Excellent cream. Its texture is great and it's light. Very good product got it for good price.
1400195.0^ And there was no whitening effect on my skin (in case you were wondering).overall it's a good scrub. Very good product. Skin whiteness is not a practical things with a scrub. but nice scrub.  Very effective formulation. delivers bright and healthy glow to skin and aptly priced. Really very good pack.when i use i really found great work on skin.when i wash my face its feel very refreshing.its have a smooth texture.love it because herbal product it always great for the skin.n lotus is always cares for the skin.nowsdays m using many product of this brand. Recommend khadi rose. Month or more in a natural. Ok product i use it twice a week. Nice product suits all type of skin very effective using since one year gives good glow to skin. Dirt particle thats there on your face. It really gives glow on ur face. Cleans your skin very nicely!. Leaves skin silky , smooth. The consistency is just perfect. Its like a layer of cream which stays there for a while and does its magic. Completely satisfied with the price. High priced , large tube a smaller pack size. Nice product.worth the comparatively moderate price.result is visible very much.
1400196.0^ Not to good. Must buy product... Dont purchase this cream and waste. Natural ingredients. Weeks and from very next day acne n pimples started to appear on my face , still hoping for best. Acne n pimples started to appear on my face , still hoping. Face , still hoping. It doesnot fulfil what it claims instead makes ur skin condition worse with acne. Also the smell was not pleasant at all. This product is very good    but it does not smell goood............... This cream is just making the skin super oily and is not working on pigmentation. Better than this cream use any moderately priced creams.  Moderately priced. Very oily.my skin broke out inspite of being dry.doesn't do anything for blemishes either. its a major waste of money.if you ever want to remove blemishes just use tumeric, sandalwood lemon etc.they work better than this useless product that breaks you out and gives you more blemishes.worst lotus product i used ever.
1400197.0^ Packing was also good. Excellent product. Value for money.
1400198.0^ Flipkart its either duplicate or expired. Nice smell..good one. It really makes your face bright n glowing after wash.lil harsh for sensitive skin otherwise great product.. No harmful chemicals. No harmful chemicals / parabens. Have used it since 1 year with amazing results on my skin. Not good as excepted , after using this product , face.  Worth buying.
1400199.0^ Smells good but not worth of money paid for the same. But ths cream is good no bleaching contents and skin feels good and nice aroma. Maine use kiya this product is good for me. Strong formula. No creams can chng skin colour from dark to fair ths is the truth. I used lots of fairness creams but this 1 is just the best and it suits my skin like hell ppl often asks me wat cream do i use.i just loved it will soon order 1 more coz the 1 m using will soon finish. Very good product for faceness i ordered two times. Cant wait to see myself as robert pattinson next week. I used it last one year. Extremely recommend if you want very soft and glowing skin. There are fairness creams that guarantee you white skin, and then there is this product from lotus that ensures brightened and radiant skin instead.  Nice cream. Good moisturiser doesnt stick. Tooooo bad waste of money. Terrific purchase. Worth every penny.
1400200.0^ Not that much good. Amazing fragrance and way too good apply it before sleeping and you will find great results in a weeks time. Very good product. It' a aawwooosssmmm product.specialy reduce dark spots with in a 1 month frm ur face.highly satisfied with this serum.litrly it work magically. Take time for review because i want to use it first it's a one month to use the product and the result is too good. It'sa amazing products. after using the product  my screen is started to glowing. Bad product my skin. Good product.useful to remove dark spots n makes skin clear n soft. Amazing fragrance.  Shows signs of improvement in the texture of the skin after it's first use. It's the good deal. Useless.waste of money. Worth.
1400201.0^ Very nice price. Worth every penny.
1400202.0^ Toner is good. Thankx to you flipkart you always deliver the product with packing even for low cost product. It's truly awesome.am writing this review after one month of use.it's even have the power sooth rashes.sweet smelling toner.very refreshing. Gives a slight burning sensation as if u are applying alcohol.  Really a good rose tone. Reucing one star just because of rose fragrance although the smell wore out in minutes and dosnt make your face smell the same. Believe me palz this facial skin toner is just too good.i have been using this product for two months and it works really good. It gives slight burning sensation for few seconds when applied. Very suitable for dry skin. Firstly the smell is longlasting and real.secondly,it is in the form of spray that makes its application easy n uniform and, lastly, it moisturises the skin evenly without making it oily.i would definitely buy it again. Has a lovely fragrance!. Spray bottle for convenient application. The spray system is very helpful. no wastage and instant use. suits combination skin. have been using it for many months now. overall. great product. Better to buy organic rose mist of same price. This is my first purchase from the brand and i love it.it is perfect for my dry skin.it hydrates my skin well.i apply it after cleansing and before moisturiser ,using it regularly results in reducing  dry patches on my face. Nice toner gives u really fresh feel.worth a try..
1400203.0^ Good. Wrong product. Good quality product. Safe sun spf. It is great on the whole sunscreen part but it is a bit tangible on skin and leaves a somewhat white residue on medium and darker skins.
1400204.0^ I have found good results with lotus sunscreens though they have increased the prices a lot in the last few years. Last 4yr am using the same product. This is the best and my favorite sunscreen. It has pale foundation like texture and color!. Best herbal. A good spf. Ntly brightens and even without applying makeup it gives a great even toned skin effect , hiding the blemishes and irregularities in colour. Natural finish to skin. It's a good matte shade but it turns the skin a little bit yellow. It does protect from the sun, but i would advise to re-apply it after 5 or 6 hours of application for better protection from the sun. For me it is a must have around the year. I am using this sunscreen since last two years and i found that this is the best sunscreen. I used it and i found the sunblock very effective and it gives a nice glow to the face which stays for quite long. Good product with matt effect for oily skin. Works perfectly for even sensitive skin. Works well and leaves a matt finish. I love the smell too.  The slight tint evens out my skin really well and its matte so doesn't make my skin look oily at all. Gives a matte finish and looks neat when the suncreen is applied. This has become my hg sunscreen.perfect for my combination skin.non greasy.gives perfectly matte look.just dab some compact onit n u r ready to go. Original good product at a great discount.timely delivery. Really good products in nykaa and also the price is suitable for everyone. Such a great product, worth giving it a try at least once.
1400206.0^ No mention about the product, it's a good brand, but your delivery is too slow. The product is good, but this product as shown in the picture is not 100gm, instead i got only 50gm plus a delivry charge,the flipkart delivery was as always good. Classy product. Mind blowing purchase.
1400207.0^ Bad product description. Great. Great product. Defeats the purpose of buying.
1400208.0^ This is a very good sunscreen for the ones with oily skin. this cream is so good and gets absorbed into the skin the moment u apply. it has anice fragrance too. i have been using it since a long time. I hate smell of this product, its oily in texture. Amazing sunscreen best for oily skin ppl for its gel texture. Gel based formula makes it totally suitable for oily skin. Sufficed the need of a bb or foundation. Spf 50 and honestly. Ntly brightens and even without applying makeup it gives a great even toned skin effect , hiding the blemishes and irregularities in colour. No time at alld ) no harmful colours. Lightest sunscreen completely gel based soaked into skin and wonder like powder finish. Works and also gives a firm feel for atleast 4 5 hours. I have been using this since  last 3 months and its works very well in my skin. very good product in this price. I have been using this product from last 2 years. It's an amazing product for oily skin!. This is third time i have bought this product and it?۪s amazing for oily and normal skin. It works perfect for my combination skin wich s sensitive too. Feels light on skin, leaves a glow on the face. Even the smell is very subtle and not over powering.  The product comes out like a white thick gel which blends into the skin perfectly, is lightweight and mattifies it. Love the texture, it absolutely disappears into your skin and makes it appear matte apart from doing its basic job of protecting from sun with a whooping spf of 50 and an economical price tag. Doesnt make skin oily or sticky. This product is really worth the money..it will not be oily like other products. The lotus herbals safe sun uv screen matte gel pa+++ spf - 50 is best for the given price.if you are exposed to sun on a regular basis and looking for a perfect protection for daily use, this can be one of your best choices. Worth the money.
1400210.0^ Iam.a huge fan of lotus sunscreens.product arrived in very good condition, very good on skin, light and moisturising.smell is awesome,in this winters also its giving preety good moisturisation,defintely gonna buy again.thanku lotus and thanku amazon. Packaging is nice but i got skin problem. It is very useful product.  The only problem is its only have spf. Very soft and ever lasting. i just love this product. Guys it's worth the price.protects skin form getting tan and lasts longer,also makes ur skin appear brighter and smooth. I have not observed any skin tone lightening despite two months of daily use, as per the company?۪s claim (not that i?۪m interested in skin lightening). Great protection too. By the time you reach office your skin is very dull. Great product, fragrance is soothing, but doesn't moisturise much after some time skin feels dry. Not meant for dry skin and leaves a white tint which is not nice.it blocks the pores on face and leads to acne. Doesnt mess with the smell. Do not count on it as a sunscreen lotion, go for it if u need a normal body lotion for sunmers. I have not given the last star because the cream is very very thick. I love dis lotion nice fragrance n good. Good cream and got fast delivery from amazon.product is good.bought in a deal for such a good price.
1400211.0^ Very good product for dry skin , especially in winters.good moisturization , keeps skin soft and supple for all day long. Nice cream. Ok product.does  not lasts long. Artificial smell but feels good , contains paraben not expecting from such a herbal brand so not recommended. Doesnt smell of shea butter.  Good moisturizer,  hydrated skin for long hours. smells nice too. Excellent product, good long stay moisturizer.. The best moisturiser i am using since 5 yrs. It is very effective for dry skin. Good moisturizer especially before bedtime as it does make skin shiny. Skin looks soft and healthy after using this regularly. And the fragrance is so lovely. A good moisturising cream. Good moisturizer its not sticky obserbs quickly. Very good.worth money. Gud product on gud price.
1400214.0^ It is a nice face wash and gives an instant cooling affect after using. Smell not good smell like a medicine.and of course clean your skin as well.. Ok kind of product. Clears skin acne effectively and skin remains oil free for hours, my skin is sensitive chemical face washes doesn't suit me but this one has no chemicals however i doubt that but its a good face wash for acne prone oily skin. Trusted herbal.  I am using it for the last few months. Skin looks oil free n acne free. The best face wash for oily skin. Also improves skin complexion. Doesnt really smell like tea. Oil by teatree oil , cinnamon and scrub beads ( slightly soft. Terrific purchase. Worth every penny.
1400216.0^ I love this pack. Has a tingling sensation first when applying then it cool and soothes down. Works.
1400217.0^ Not good. Nice. I loved this product so much that i have subscribed it, magical improvements... The tube lasts quite a long so it's cheap that way. Times that its utilised , it doesnt fail. I use it once a week and it has never disappointed me!. This product is not working  on pimples or any scars of my face.i'm waiting to see the result. A great product for oily skin. It's good make my skin glowing.  Smells like tea tree oil and its pretty light weight. Would like to see how a regular and consistent application would affect the skin but all the times that it's utilised, it doesn't fail to disappoint. I need a new one free of cost. Good product at this price. A great product for oily skin..happy with the purchase..
1400218.0^ Very good face wash for oily skin best face wash i love it. I got this product on yesterday i felt it good but i got damaged product. Bahut bakwas product hai. Contains ingredients of sheryls facewash in low cost.  I have been using this from a month n its really good for oily skin.. Helped me remove pimple n acne n using it for past 4 months and not a single pop of ugly acne. really good product!. Last 4 5 years. Works like a charm for clearing acne. Not suited for people who have sentitive skin but no pimples.it peels off the skin and makes my super oily skin dry on continuous usage.not gud. Its clear all oil and dirt from skin. Like other face washes it doesn't leave your skin dry, it removes excess oil and leaves your skin smooth. Be careful of squeezing out too much gel as it is very runny in consistency. Not much effective.doesnt keep ur skin oil free for long. Worth the money. Good for the price. This product is worth for people with oily skin.
1400219.0^ Good. Good nice product.
1400220.0^ Good. Normal massage. Good product. Normal massage cream. At best price.
1400221.0^ I had good experience with this product, it really does what it says. This product will give you an instant fairness. Best whitening scrub.  Minutes , u will see a wonderful. Month , am pleased. A clean and fresh glow. I have used all products of this white glow range. Not too harsh on your skin. Love the fragnance. I use it weekly and i am for sure impressed by its quality and performance,and would definitely refer it to other customers who are interested in buying a good facial scrub. The delivery of course took a little time delay, have to comment that a ordered product also got cancelled but definitely a offer that no one can refuse!!. Worth.
1400222.0^ Thanks to flipkart. Its good. Thanks flipkart for deliver this product it is very good and effective thanks lotus. Suitable to all skin types , with spf. Spf factor is good and protects from tan. Works well within a week or 10 days from the day you start using it. Bright , will have to find out in next two weeks. Gud product tq lotus white glow cream. It gives good moisturizing effect, but not suitable for sensitive skin. It is what our skin texture works. Good fragrance.  The cream texture is good however its doesnt give bright to the skin or lightens. Stunning bb and cc creams. Gel stuff doesnt create any wonder. Terrific purchase. Worth.
1400223.0^ Good one. I like it lotus night cream nice.good product i give 5star. This product is just awesome for anyone who wish to protect their skin without making a hole in their pocket. Herbal products are just awesome. It's a decent body sunscreen, i find it is moisturizing enough for summer but don't like that it has some questionable ingredients.i like the fact that it's got a pa +++ and enough spf and it's priced well so that one can apply it generously.i'd also prefer to see more physical sunscreen ingredients from lotus. This lotion is good but my experience was way much better with vaseline body lotion spf 24 which instantly brightens my skin and prevent tanning effectively as well as removed discoloration due to tanning from my skin ane given me even skin tone.also vaseline is much cheaper then this lotus one.  Did not like the product , applied for a month now , no good result instead light rashes were formed on the face. Very good , nob is very week. I'm using it from last 2 years.. And no glow as such it provides. Avoids skin. It works a bit slowly. Fragrance , overall it is good. I simply love it, the smell is very good and really it works, my skin looks soft and fair. Body lotion vaseline intensive care body lotion , smell. Cream in amazon doesnt work. Mah fab lotion of all tym. Doesnt work totally waste of money. Got it today.awesome.nice fragrance.not oily.worthy at this price.can use it on face too.go for it.and amazon packing is amazing. Nice worth it product.
1400225.0^ Good.  Good quality product. Good results. Mind blowing purchase.
1400226.0^ Flip is the best. Just good. Flip is the best place for purchasing.
1400227.0^ This is a good bb cream. But the packing  was all wet due to rain however the product was in good condition.pros:1. A must have product very light on skin fells so good after applying gives a complete coverage of blackspots and makes your skin look even toned and i m really impressed with the delivery got it within 2 days of ordering usually at my place i don't get it so fast. I like this cream.itz consistency is good and it blends well.it works good for oily skin and combination skin. The limiting shade range is a bit of a disadvantage, but since it's more of a tinted moisturiser than a foundation one can make it work. Advantage is it had spf. ( u can try using compact or dry rose powder )the best part about this product is it does not clog pores. The shade bright angel is bit darker for me and it looks oily in my skin as i have normal skin and staying power is ok as it's a bb cream and spf is good too. !one thing good about this is it comes in various shades to match your skin which is great if you want minimal makeup in daytime.must try :-). 1.i have been using this from last few months and it is really good.2.it gives natural coverage.3.it moisturises my skin.4.it doesn't break out.5.  It gives a good glow and stays well. Perfect when you are bored to overdo your face. The product is very good.i have a dry skin and it keeps whole day long glow on my face. Nice cream for all types of skin. This bb cream is light and doesn't smell bad. This is the best insta glow cream within rs 300 range.go for it. Much better than all cc and bb creams. Very bad product,ever i have used in my life.ot is not give you a good texture. My all time favorite is ponds bb+ seriously i wonder how people believe in such a fake lotus cream,  if u wanna waste money then waste for it, else buy ponds bb+ seriously i wonder after trying it. Nice and genuine product at less price. This product absolutely worth its claims.
1400228.0^ Good product , awesome packing , cream is also good. It is nice. Poduct is really good.skin feels good after using this.very natural & smells good without any chemicals.i m using lotus from many years.its works,but only thing i got wrong was that there was no plastic seal which usually found after opening lotus creams & 1/4 of the cream was leaked inside the box. Serum , and it does its job perfectly. Perfect day cream with spf.  This magical cream was suggested to me by one of my friend.at first i was skeptical about it but later i was astonished by its results.when i applied cream on my face it feels lighter.as it gives a clean finish to the face also it doesn?۪t leave the look on your face oily or sweaty. I use this creme everyday, and in a month my uneven skin has reduced visibly and my skin glows and looks alive. I am using this from last 2 months. I bought this cream for my mother and she's in love with it, my mom is 62 years of age with some discoloration and of course wrinkles and dry skin, her opinion is as follows-immediately after using this cream her dry dehydrated skin( she started using this in the winter time in delhi weather) felt hydrated and plump.within a week of using this she has seen a difference in the radiance and clarity of her skin, overall she looks brighter if that makes any sense.after two weeks of using this her pigmentation spots were way way down, it looks like she hardly has any pigmentation at all, also she does not use sunscreen but goes out in the sun in spite of this her pigmentation is way down.after a month of using this she started to see a difference in the wrinkles, crows feet softened and her forehead wrinkles are almost totally gone, also she has seen an improvement in the lower jowls of her face!she is looking forward to long term benefits of this cream and would recommend this to anyone and everyone who is above a certain age who is looking forward to anti-aging products that dont cost an arm and a leg, she says she will continue using this for a long time. Just do a little massage with light hands around your eyes and face and the skin looks good in the morning. If not for anti ageing then at least brightness and glow and smooth skin. I'm not sure what this is doing but it has made my skin softer. It reduce dryness and ageing lines in just one week and leaves the skin soft and glowing. If you want to look younger,look no further and buy this one cream and look pretty instantly. It take care of dry patches on skin efficiently without making skin oily or sticky. It improves the texture of the skin but i didn't note any decreasing fine wrinkles. Worth the money. Worth the price. Makes my skin very dry.it also gave me some burnt patches on facenot at all worth money.
1400242.0^ Nice.
1400261.0^ Good product really nice. One of the best night creams from olay. Bought it for my wife & she is happy with the product.although after buying this from amazon i found this product at snapdeal at cheaper rate.but still satisfied as difference was not that big.  I am using this cream from last 1 month but it doesn't shown any extra effects on my face which they claim. Awesome creme see result within a week. Natural from several years. Just amazing after using more than 1 and a half months i have seen much difference on my skin since i have oily skin so i didnot face and pimple or oilyness problem. It is called gold radiance.it didn't show any radiance, not even a silver glow.i have used olay's night cream before, and vouch for its superb effect on facial skin.it works, and does give your skin a healthy look within five days of use.i love this product as it is a night cream. Dont have any pimple and it gives soft. In love with its fragrance. Sweet odour. I was using olay natural white 3 in 1fairness cream(49rupees in 2015). The best night creme. Non greasy  texture and good fragrance. Waste of money !. Worth the price. Great product.it not only clears darkspots due to pimples but also improves overall skin tone.u will see the difference on your face within 1 week.worth a try.
1400266.0^ Day and night regime from 4 months and i must say my skin has remarkably. It's good but not good underneath ur make up. Best product at the best price. Unlike other whitening cream it doesn't make my skin rough. also its  not that oily and easily blends to the skin and keeps it soft thorught the day. Amazing formula. Spf that acts as a sunscreen and the night cream works. Cant wait to finish. I have been using this combo for 2 months and can totally vouch for its effectiveness!. I got this combo last year and i loved it to bits!. Trusted the olay brand for years. Its realy a good product.face is glowing after use it. This is a small tub of fresh classic goodness you can apply on cleansed skin for soft, smooth and supple skin. Gives eventone skin within 15 days n also lightly fabulous fragrance. Leaves the skin super.  Worst cream.load of chemicals.make skin itching and burning.full waste of money. This is the most cost effective product i've known so far, the day cream has a light feel and is not greasy. Only problem with this is due to the temperature rise, the cream loses its texture. Combo for some time and its really effective. People generally go for online shopping because of the good price. Mildly fragranced , only downside is it maybe a little too oily for those with oily / combination skin but still worth it for the moisturization.
1400267.0^ Very good product indeed. Original product at great prices. Very good product.  Skin irritates and look dull. Nice cream. Worth the money. Worth. Worth every penny.
1400270.0^ I hve been using this product for a long time now.but always purchased in mrp rate,.this time i got it from flipkart for so less ,not even half of the rate that i used to purchased.and that delivery boy michael was really nice.first time come across to somebody who is very nice  and humble n speaks good english with great manner.thanks to flipkart!!. Nice products with nice price. The product was fake. I'm using this product last five years. Nice.its really work for dry skin.  It's an oreginal product olay and it was a very good experience in creams by flip kart. I was really shocked about the price that u people offered amazing at rs 360 once again thank you flipkart. Worth every penny.
1400271.0^ Flipkart could not accept. Seems quantity is not good enough and quality is also not same as observed earlier. Excellent and great product. Such a junk product.just filled duplicate cream and send  to me.l.last i ordered olay total 7 effects day cream this flipcart sent me olay foundation.are these people cheating customers.in this year i shopped for moretham 75k products and this people such ways.never ever i wont order through flipcart.. I have ordered olay normal with spf and i received olay with tocuh of foundation. The same kind of stuff bought in outside stores, looks more creamier and stays on the face for long.  When i applied the olay cream i did not feel it's real olay product my skin felt very dry n patchy.whereas my skin feels very soft and hydrated when applied olay i am using this cream from last 3 years. Effects 7 in 1 anti ageing normal. No visible signs on skin of any think it promises. Also, the contents donot seem genuine as after application there is no noticeable improvement. Cream when applied , feels like any other normal. I have combination skin and it suits my skin perfectly, it is not greasy and gets absorbed quickly. Worth the money. Mind blowing purchase. Worth every penny.
1400272.0^  Nice. Nice quality. Worth the money. Worth.
1400273.0^ Overall good product. Sine of skin nice cream. Olay is a great product. after using it i found my skin flawless n smooth. m enjoying using olay. Nice packing and good product with low cost. Good price. Mind blowing purchase.
1400274.0^ Product is good. Best in the market. Classy product. Foundation which makes our skin glow. Best product for skin,must buy it is not only cream but also foundation which makes our skin glow. Skin , must buy. Good cream.  Good but cost is high.better to purchase olay tube. It's a fake product the batch number on bottle and the cover is different the bottle packaging is also very different don't waste ur money here rather buy it from shops around u which are quite trust worthy no mail polish remover received fake seller.
1400280.0^ But those who have dry skin, they should use this along with a good face cream. It is nice but it makes the face greasy ( for me). I personally prefer that as it proves the gentle formula of the product. Serum , is lightweight being a water based product , absorbs nicely. Anti aging revitalising hydration skin cream ( moisturizer ) spf. Serum is very light, helps with fine lines and gives the skin a lovely smoothness and evens colour. I really felt a positive result after applying for a week. I have been using this from past 2 years and it really works for me also got my product on time. I am using from last 2 yrs continuously. My wife suffered severe rashes on her face because of using this purchase from amazon. Skin doctor and on stopping it , problem. Skin feels soft and has a visible glow. The pleasant floral fragrance lingers for a while.  Very good moisturiser cream. It keeps my skin soft and supple throughout the day, without making it greasy or sticky like certain winter creams. It has a mild fragrance and does not leave oily/greasy look after application. Even though the price is a little more than 1k, i think it is worth the money for a 50 gm jar.the packaging is attractive and the cream has a light floral fragrance. I'll positively purchase again later.
1400286.0^ Advanced anti ageing. Awesome product. Problem when combined with the olay serum. Blends into the skin clear.  Advanced anti ageing micro sculpting serum. And you use really less quantity every time hence the pack will easily last for a couple of months. You can see the difference in 4 weeks like promised and it is totally worth the price. I have been using it for the last 3 years & i simply love it. Great light cream, feels great on skin, solved my dry face problem when combined with the olay serum. Hydrating moisturiser , not better. So,it has helped me regenerate the appearance of my skin and has locked moisture for me. It is easy to pack into your travel kit and carry it with you, and leaves you feeling great after each use. I also use the serum and eye cream and thanks procter and gamble, you've done really well. The texture of the product is so amazing. Better to donate your money. Great price. You cant go past olay, yes because we are all worth it..but i find regenerist not a heavy cream.
1400288.0^ This product is good,but oily.
1400290.0^ Expired product delivered by flipkart. Not good. Product about to expire. I have been using this product for the last 4 years and it suits my skin very well.  It made my skin look dull and lost the glow. My skin type is normal. Vitamin e oil. Best product ever and u can see results within 7days it does what all it says and wonderful results in less time just go with this and 101%worthy.
1400292.0^ Product isvery good and thanks flipkart for his service. Got a good deal. Product isvery good and. I ordered for normal day cream but i received gentle touch of foundation.it is not first time to deliver wrong product. But the one i bought from flipcart does not look genuine.i got it for a good discounted price which attracted me but after using it i realise it's not an original it's colour and feel is very different and not good at all. Good deal olay 7 total effect in very cheap price thx to flipkart. This cream is expected to be smooth and easily absorbable (know that well from my past experience). Its good and working is amazing.  The plastic container was damaged with the cream peeping out. Mind blowing purchase.
1400294.0^ Good service by amazon. Good one. I have used olay total before, using it from last 2 years.but this product is for sure not genuine.better go to the shop and purchase. The product was half empty as i could see from the pump level seing it under light and product seems fake to me. earlier the  olay cream i used had much lighter formula and absorbed very nicely into my skin. Confident and i use with the total effects serum. Picture shows olay with spf 15 but i have received just a normal day cream without spf. But the online delivery cream is white color and different smell.not satisfied with online product. Smells fresh and has a nice off white colour. Month ago and i clearly. Radiance i havent seen in months. I have been using this product for past 7 years and it has done miracle for my skin. Its very smooth and blend easily on face. Fantastic cream.this is only best cream.l am using for one year.all black marks has gone.l had got better glow in my face.if u use this u will get the better glow within two days. Feels  like  skin has stopped breathing.i doubt whether this product i have received is genuine.  Some new type of smell.2. Very good cream. It does not make skin oily or sticky after applying. But really disappointed this time both with the smell and the texture. It is just waste of money. Dont be fooled with the price. Worth of money.its a very good product.
1400295.0^  It's good.really works. Loves dis , she is a frequent customer of dis product. Very nourishing day cream and has spf too. Good and the cream was in cream colour. The whole family likes using it, not just the old-timers!. Your product is made in last yr i xpected tht item is made in this year. Very good for sensitive skin. No visible change in my wrinkle. You feel the product difference in aroma too. Product has a smell that the regular olay creams purchased directly from stores never had. Cream will be given while false commitment. Size before getting the big. I got the trial size version to see if it was worth getting the bigger bottle.
1400296.0^ This is good for me. Nice one. Very good product. Very nice product. amazing results i luv it. Works for sensitive skin. Good it works. Bad / old one , cream.  Dont waste your money. Great purchase. Worth for money.
1400297.0^ Flipkart i loved. Very nice it costs less than in market plz buy this product we will not get any problem with this and on time delivery. Superb deal.  Worth every penny.
1400298.0^ The good part is that it's a non-greasy and keeps the skin hydrated for long. It's an excellent night cream!. Very good product. effect can be seen from day 1. I used it religiously for 3 months, every night, after cleansing face with facewash and toning it with pure aloe vera gel. Im buying olay 7 in 1 faoming cleanser, olay 7 in 1 serum and olay gentle day cream and this night cream. So glad i did , its like the solution. I have been using this for last two months now before sleeping. Used it for more than a week now and can surely see a little glow and spots and marks are reduced a little. My wife is using olay total effects for the past 2 years & is very satisfied with it. It does not lead to any pimples and it gets absorbed in to the skin quickly. It moisturises my skin well and leaves it soft and smooth. For your reference i have normal skin, sometimes dry and this works for me and i wake up to supple skin in the morning. It's fragrance free firming agents have also helped reduce my blemish marks..easily absorbed.nice fragrance.still waiting for it's great effects on my skin.  Perfect cream for my skin. No creams work. Its a perfect night creme, especially for dry skin,although its not greasy at all.results are visible the next morning itself. Product is totally different that is shown and sent cheater it is not good for dry skin it's for oily skin every thing that is shown about product is totally false fake i am very upset after washing face skin feels super dry waste of money  lotus skin firming night cream is superb for extremely dry skin. Very good condition products delivered and very good price. It has been one month l am using it.i'll not say amazing but a good product n worth ur money.
1400299.0^ I ordered for olay gentle without spf however i received olay normal with spf, it's not as per what i ordered, not happy with product. Product and pricing good. Very good product. Foundation its really bad. Spf 15 gentle. I am using this product since 3 months and its wonderful if it is used regularly.skin looks clear and radiant.i recommend this product for the women above 30 years..you will feel the difference.use profusely.it's a bit expensive in comparison to other creams.but the results are awesome. Times we got normal. I have been using it from past 3-4 years and i can easily vote olay total effects gentle for being the best cream available among lots. I order for olay total effect 7 in 1 day cream gentle but the product i get is olay total effect 7 in 1 day cream normal. Effects 7 in one day cream spf 15 gentle. I'm 25 and i love this product, this has made my skin so even and clear, i have combination sensitive skin and finally i have a product which suits my skin , i use the full range of products.  Olay total effects & in one day cream, is a very good anti ageing cream  which i bought for my wife and a good bargain.my wife regularly uses this cream and says that it is the best cream available in the market. This cream is totally non greasy and is very easy to apply. Waste of money. And satisfied too and really got at damn price. Nice. effective. cheaper than market. worth the price.
1400300.0^ My mom is using this product from a quite long time, i love it. Excellent product.
1400302.0^ Best in the market. Nice. Nice product im fully satisfied.
1400303.0^ Good. Good product. Worth every penny.
1400304.0^ Good product and excellent delivery by amazon. Very good product. One of  the best product from olay for all skin types. Nice packaging.delivered before the edt.though d cream looks dark in color,  but once u blend it properly , even the fairer ppl can use it. makes my face sweaty sometime. but works perfect if u work in an ac room. Love that it is two in one  foundation. Colour doesnt matter as it has low. Good , gives a even finish. Best before 36 months. Last 7 8 years. I was using olay total effects normal day cream since 2 yrs but wanted to try the 'with a touch of foundation' for a change. Whether used as a make up base or a cream by itself the end result is a sweaty shiny face that spoils your look completely. I just love this product. its realy good for any type skin. specially sensitive skin. It works.  Product is ok but extraction of cream is not good. It is not greasy, yet removes dryness. Bought it for 408/- best discount ever. Good product and price. Mind blowing purchase.
1400305.0^ Were open and i ordered for two bottles and since last one month waiting for the refund, which is still in process. Best deal best price best website flipkart.  I had ordered olay total effect gentle but received normal with spf15.
1400307.0^ It's good worth to money. Best product,nice price. Perfect product. Great product, feel fresh for hours. It stopped working in a week. Excellent product,i am using it for the last 2 years.it is effective.will give you a soft refreshing feeling after a night sleep.  Nice product  leaving skin smooth. As an anti aging cream it's a good one. Great product and absolutely non sticky. Very bad and duplicate product and waste of money. It's good product with good price. Terrific purchase.
1400308.0^ Fav. Improves. Suddenly health and glow stopped having this product and its pricey by 3x  now. Good moisture. Improves the skin texture, super smooth and great feel. I was delivered a duplicate product as the body wash did not have any fragrance and smelled like refined oil.
1400309.0^ Good foaming. even single wash gives you quite clear skin. happy with product; one can use twice/thrice with very minimal qty- one pack is sufficient for 30/35 days- so price is not an issue. Ordered white radiance night cream. and got anti aging revitalising night cream.  and it doesn't support return also. Natural face wash like mama and forest essentials. The serum is really good. Perfect for my combination skin which becomes dry in winter , it also has spf. 2. very little amount required so i am sure bottle will last at least 3 months if one applies twice daily. I purchased this product a week back and have used it for last 3 days. Natural face wash like mama and forest essentials for years. Doesn't dry the face too much and leaves the skin clear and free of residue. Already saw these results within 3 days.> lightens dark spots quickly.> minimizes large pores.> gives glow to the face.its an all in one face wash. buy it once, you will stick to it forever.thanks to olay for this wonderful product. Brightening intensive skin. Olay white radiance is not oily at all and also has a good fragrance.  Perfect for everyday application. Perfect non greasy moisturising cream. This olay white radiance advance skin lotion is just perfect for winter. Nt for 30/35 days so price is not an issue. Mind blowing purchase. It is slightly expensive but worth the magic it does on the skin.
1400310.0^ I use it regularly before applying any kind of makeup too and it makes my skin look dewy which i love. What i best liked about the moisturizer is the quick absorption. If you are a lover of non sticky moisturizer, this product is just perfect for you!. The serum of this olay white radiance is good but this moisturising cream makes skin dull. my complexion starts looking dull n lifeless. Spf saves the skin from sun rays and impending. It also contains spf 24 which  helps in protecting the skin from harmful uvb rays.the essential vitamins helps in a radiant and glowing skin. Are good , my skin stays. Have started using this from a week now and the creamis one of the best moisturizer and helps in reduction of dark spots.the presence of whitening complex and vitamin b3 helps in reducing skin blemishes and lessen the production of melanin. It starts showing results within a week and better results are visible after 3 weeks. My face looks genuinely glowing and this glow comes without greasy sheen. It does not make your skin greasy and absorbs in the skin very quickly leaving an extremely long lasting pleasant fragrance. Giving fairness softness and glow.  The texture is creamy yet not very greasy!. Another good product from my favorite brand olay.it's a non greasy formula , suitable for all skin type including oily skin , does not makes the skin oily or greasy yet moisturizes well , best part is has a good spf value so one does not needs to use sunscreen separately. No use. loss of money. Protective skin cream moisturizer spf 24 / pa + + , 50g , price. Has a good spf value.
1400312.0^ My search for perfect face wash is complete.i have tried everything in market but this is amazing.scrublet is so soft and you just need a drop of this and it works amazing.so soft on skin so effective.i just love it.for acne prone skin this is magic. Very effective. i m using this once a day. good for oily skin. This is the best product to control acne. But better than most doctor prescribed salicylic acid washes. I found l'oreal hydrafresh hydrating essence the best for dry skin after. Facewash itself grows on you no chemically smell, feel the fresh menthol every time  & the scrublet it is useful for sure whenever my pores are cleared with any salicylic acid treatment. The facewash is transparent in color with a very light fragrance. For me it lasts for about 6-7 months or more. Dnt worry about the price it will last for atleast 2 3 months.  Supper face wash for acne wow.. Good product.my skin feels soft n clean after using this.also the scrublet is mild exfoliator so it's gud for ppl with oily n acne prone skin like me. Didnt cause any further damage and the fragrance. Use this if you have a mild acne breakout and are avoiding expected larger breakouts.also, some parts of the skin become flaky after the use of this product so make sure you use some oil free cream. The scrublet works really well in lathering and removing dirt and oil on your face. Great product for acne prone skin and stick. This was a totally waste of money. For me it did not prevent breakout but yes it keeps my face oil free for a long time.dnt worry about the price it will last for atleast 2-3 months a very little is required for one time use. My daughter purchased it and it is worth the money.it lasts very long she bought it in october and its already december.perfect product for acne.
1400314.0^ The casing is not at all good. Great. Always love this product, keeps your face safe and moist. It promises no oily residue which is false advertising common it has a high alcohol content in it which causes more oil production!. Great work i'm using this from last five years. Also, the bottle has a very nice shape :d looks cool, feels cool. All this does to my skin is make it look like a shiny greased up pan.  Yes it has the mild tingly sensation but so does peppermint essential oil mixed in a cheaper moisturiser or even the after shave lotion would be better than this overpriced hyped product. Works very well , after trying several i stick. I know it's costly but it's worth.packing: goodexp date on product: latest.
1400315.0^ One of the best face wash. Very refreshing.good for oily skin. A very good product for men especially one with oily acne prone skin.no pimple has showed up since i started using it and it lasts for three months after using it twice a day so overall a better product compared to others available in market at present. God knows what chemicals. Good product cleans the skin properly good solution for face at home!.  Well not a remedy for pimple even though it can keep oilness at bay for like 2 hours. Would last for about 4 months(twice a day). Last for about 4 months ( twice. Waste rather than removing oil it makes more oil on face and even the whitening on the face last only 15mins after applying this lotion.moneywasted. Very good face wash for people with oily skin. Good product. does not make skin rough after wash. but price is too high so 4 star. Go for it i am using this facewash since last year and it improved my skin tone and it's fragrance is too good. Leaves you face refreshing. After applying all over the face.the magic: i mistakenly applied the lather on my left arm, since there is a bit tan(thanks to half sleeved shirts and sun) the application of this face wash vanished the tan, the wonder no soap or shower gel or whitening cream accomplished this face wash did. Removes oil properly. Very poor facewash waste of money. Anyway the price is little high, but it is more skin friendly (at least for me) when compared with nivea and garnier. And does everything it says.its a lil bit on the expensive side.but worth it.
1400316.0^ It was.a.good moisturizer. Nice. Superb product.doesnt make skin oily. Aloe gel instead , same effect and its way cheaper. Nt colored foundations , as it will not disturb. The only thing i will say is that if you have combination skin, with oily surface, but dry underneath, this moisturizer may not give you enough moisture, to solve that problem i recommend using a serum first, then add this cream on afterwards. Does not give any long term benefits of a moisturizer.can be used as a base to mix different colored foundations, as it will not disturb the colour. Gives matted finish.clean finish. Good but it does not keep your skin oil free for more than two hours. Non-oily, feels great anf lasts throughout the day..lasts longer.but makes your skin dull and darkens your face. Great product for oily skin. It clears the skin of excess oil and shine, and keeps it matt throughout the day. It keeps the skin soft and its so light, never leaves any greasy residue.  I have dry to combination skin type and buying this cream was a huge mistake. Just bought hydrafresh essence to use before the gel. hope it turns out as good as the gel. This is a perfect ones even though the price is higher.
1400317.0^ Good product. Good for using at spring & summer.  Month now and must say its my absolute fav. Love the product as it hydrates with a cooling affect and absorbs in quickly giving a glow to your skin and amazing for normal to combination skin. It instantly smoothes skin. and gives a soft feel. Fragrance , lol. It sits lightly on the skin overnight and just rinsing my face with water in the morning leaves skin soft and supple. The product is a pleasure to use with its watery gel texture and nice smell. I've been looking for moisturizers/ treatments that hydrate the skin without making it heavy/sticky. Texture cream , good. Great deal. Worth the money. I am giving one star less for the price.600 is pretty high but then hey !.
1400318.0^ It is good for ladies. A very good product from loreal. Awesome product which faints your spots on the face making it glow.  Perfect laser day cream with spf. That nice pink touch of this cream will give you a really flush fresh face. It's an awesome cream.. can see excellent results just in a month. Also one single pack lasts me around 2.5 months hence quite a saver. Last 20 + years. Lasts for hours later , moisturises well , very little amount is needed to cover the whole face. If you wanted a fairness cream then this's the one bt i can't see my dark or brown spots removed as it has claimed.gives pinkish glow to face.overall nice product. This was the second time i tried to apply a loreal product and immediately after its application within the next 30secs my skin severely started itching, face turned red with blisters and raised reddish bumps. A good makeup base , fragrance. Cleared most of my teenage acne marks and leaves a fresh feeling on the skin. I ,however, don't buy into any whitening claims(i'm not looking for it either).this gives a subtle glow immediately after application which lasts for hours later,moisturises well,very little amount is needed to cover the whole face(50ml will last for 5 months or more),didn't cause breakouts for my acne-prone sensitive skin,serves as a good makeup base,fragrance is very subtle n pleasant n doesn't trouble my sensitive nose.i use this moisturizer in conjunction with other medicated creams so can't really comment about the " fading of dark spots or whitening " claims :). The day cream is greasy for oily skin. Awesome product , non greasy. Paid for the loreal paris expertise white perfect. Price too high. But still it is worth.
1400319.0^ The facewash is soft n foamy but doesn't dry out the skin.its gives a glow post wash and has a mild fragrance common to all the products of the "hydrafresh" range.i have been using this for over 3 months and have never got a reason to complain.the tube lasts for a ling time as a small amount is needed.amazon's subscribe and save provides it a very reasonable price.however the recently delivered  piece (my 3rd one)was dirty and felt a bit empty.since it's non returnable m stuck with it. Perfect for normal skin. followed by a very nice smell.. actually the brand itself proven it..nice one. Works.
1400320.0^ I bought this moisturizer along with loreal charcoal face wash. facewash was really good but when use this moisturizer it sucks. I used this moisturiser along with the loreal men expert charcoal foaming face wash and this is a holy grill this product actually works it will brighten your skin and lighten your acne marks or pimple spots , this is a good investment for your face. I have been using this product for quite a long time. Good moisturizer , gets completely absorbed in seconds. My 2 rating (out of 5) is relative to other men expert products i have tried over the last year or so.  Useless on oily skin. Nice product , really works.. Makes it shine even more from the moment of application. Excellent face cream for oil. Great product at lesser price. Awesome product.worth for your money.fully satisfied with this.
1400321.0^ While the one from india was not that good. Excellent product. It is unlikely that you will buy exactly the same product in different countries.it is true that the products you get in india are of an inferior quality. Its a good cream guys other creams are fake and its they are like putting foundation in your face stay natural and use it.  I have been using this product for many years and its a very good product - no doubt.the main issues is that there are many similar products with minor variations in name, contents and price. Enough for use under eye. Great for the skin. Nt be greasy.
1400322.0^ Very nice face wash. Good quality. Great value for money. Pushased it offlineproduct is excellent , feels fresh and cool on your facebit expensive but definitely worth a try. Lathers up easily and leaves behind an icy and soothing effect.  In short its a 10/10 deal !!!. Dont be fooled by its small size.
1400323.0^ It was good nothing much of a difference just as a normal facewash. Nice. Dont waste money on this product.  This product works. Totally worth the price.
1400324.0^ Good results. Great product.  Very gud face was brighten's skin and easy on the face no harsh chemicals. Have been using it for last 10 years gud product. Brightens. Very gud face. This product didn't had even 1% of effect on my skin as described in the that lengthy description. Good for dry skin, it hydrates well and leaves oil free skin after wash. Dont like using face washes , i dont like lotions. Waste of money.
1400325.0^ Good product.. try it once. This one's nice for daily purpose. Please do not buy the product.it will not blend easily on face and gives a patchy look!!. It took no time to break me out badly despite the fact that it has salicylic acid in it!it also doesn't serve the purpose of moisturizer well either!.  She uses this cream, along with loreal's lip balm, pair of shades and a hat to stay cool in chennai's hot summers.note: attached image has a lip balm which is not part of this product. I have been using it for 2 years and i will surely recommend to every one. Good ; rxd 1 yr. Perfect for you if you have oily skin. It good for my skin. Fragrance is nice. The feel on the skin after applying is amazing, and the smell is heavenly. Fine itz a good cream to use daily. texture is soo nice and the cream is easily glidable. and it wont leave a whiteash cast behind if used in limit. Smooth texture. Very little quantity.dont order waste of money n gives irritation on face toooooo bad n fake. Ok , not worth the price. Not worthy n efftv.
1400326.0^ Product is good. Nice package it didn't damage. Don't you a fresh product to sell.is 2 year older cosmetic product is safe to use. Glow on skin , no foundation. Last 2 months , it has spf.  Extremely good product which showed remarkable result in two weeks. Pathetic delivery experience n 2 year. Ideal for oily skin. Not at all suitable for mature 30 + skin. Good product my skin touch so soft,mon oliy,. Applying after mixing with some rose water is also good. Well,my skin is sensitive.this cream leaves a whitening effect on face which is visible and gives an uneven tone after application.i also have breakouts after seven days of application and it leads to drying as well.i think it is good for oily skin.it creates dry  patches.i ordered it because i wanted a moisturizer which could nourish skin at 30 plus but its effects are more like fair and lovely cream.i am afraid if it contains a whitening agent and is altering the ph level of my skin.i feel that my skin is getting thinner day by day and more sensitive.please think before you order.i am using it with 30 plus face wash and am not satisfied with it,instead i regret that i should have gone for  loreal youth code  day moisturizer. Recently manufactured, hence good consistency, effective on skin. Brought this product with a doubt ,but alhamdulillah it's very effective n smooth for the face ,and the most important it's best cream for winter ,there is no need for any moisturiser,price is lil more ,but can b considered due to good quality,amazon service was on time. This product is worth buying, i bought it on the lightening deal and got a good discount on this compared to the market price.it was delivered on time and is the actual product as described. My mom using this product, no changes with cream,just money waste. Best cream for winter , there is no need for any moisturiser , price.
1400327.0^ It's a very nice facewash. Good. Completely genuine product,. An average product it make the skin very dry no much result. My skin really start glowing and looks less than 30 after use of 1month.very much satisfied.  Good deal. Good value for money. Worth.
1400328.0^ Nice cream in good cost. It seems fresh throughout the day.thank u l'orealn thank you amazon for nice deal. Very worst product. Very nice.skin feels very soft.it adds one shade of fairness to the skin. Me and my wife both are using this product since last six months. I have ordered this cream for 4 times it is a very nice cream. Well,this product is above average, gives a healthy and radiant glow on aged skin (40+) on using it regularly.i havent noticed any kind of anti-ageing effects on the skin.an average product. This is very bad for dry to normal skin as it keeps peeling off when you try to even out on the face.  In spite of good packing the cream leaked out of it's  jar. Its worth.
1400329.0^ Revitalift toner is too good.& since it has retinol which is good for your skin.i will give it a 5 star. It's a great product for ageing skin. Must buy product for people with dry skin. Thanks to amazon for giving d discount.
1400330.0^ Used this cream before with good result. This product is regularly used by my wife & she is happy with its effects. Excellent quality. Spf , wow. Worth the money.i am using it from last two years n very much satisfied with the results best option gor dry skin. Then, its a boon, it covers dry patches and give lovely glow. As skin has become rough and patchy.  Good non oily and nourishing cream. helps in case of sensitive skin.the product was with  latest packaging mfg date. Worth buying.
1400331.0^ Nice. Awesome product.  Nice eye cream wht i realy like is the applicater stell thing it blends. Weeks , i can see the resultsit really works. Nice eye. Osum,your eyes looks fresh in morning. I have started using this from past 2 weeks, i can see the resultsit really works on puff eyes.am really happy with this product. Nice eye cream. Total waste of money. Its worth your money to buy this.
1400332.0^ Face wash , garnier light face wash , nivea and other mediocre. Not good. Suits only for oily skin it make my skin more dry already i hv dry it mk my skin condition worst. oily skin people lucky to use this product.  This is my absolute favorite to keep acne away. Not sure about dry skin. It's a nice product clean your skin and leave it soft, delivery time could be much better. I didn't like the product where as cream is good. It makes the skin very dry.i have normal skin, if you have normal skin dont buy it, its not only expensive, it will break your skin. Good product, worth its value.
1400333.0^ I dont know why people are giving good reviews of strong hold, texture etc. Last 5 years ( buying from local loreal. Its a good product.  Dont buy if you are looking for shinny finish. This one look duplicate, and it doesn't looks original and become so much greesy after a while and not good hold.beleive me on this.i have always used this wax, for almost last 5 years(buying from local loreal store).it is a great product, for medium or short hairs.and gives a strong hold.still recommend to buy from local store than here. It does provide a natural shine when you apply it but as time passes it turns into more of a matte/dry finish which is great. Its not strong hold but it makes haor smell good shimy and smooth. I use it every alternate day rather than everyday and i've found it works better that way, no idea why, but you should you always try a couple of different ways to use it, also do look up on the internet on how to apply it. Gel which doesnt make your greasy. Strong hold , texture. Last 5 years ( buying. They have bloated the price.
1400334.0^ Good for summers ,using since long.we recommend to all. Dont buy this product. The best sunscreen for oily skin.  After years of using lotus 3 in 1 matte sunscreen,i was looking for a change.after couple of failures with other brands i landed on this product.its surely serves the purpose.it's good at sun protection,spf levels are fine.very less quantity is required for each application,hence ends up being affordable.the packaging is chic, effective and travel friendly.provides a nice smooth texture on application.after a few minutes, settles down.not at all chalky.but it's not all as mattifying as the lotus one.not suitable for extremely oily skin.combination skin would definitely like it. Greasy after 2 hours.. works well. doesnt give me oily look. but it lasts only fr one or two hours. under the sun as i have extremely oily skin. Times and i had to get special. Properly wash ur face. If you have oily skin than you have found your perfect sunscreen.causes no breakouts.good product. After searching through many sunscreen lotions of various brands this is where i stopped with full satisfaction.i have oily sensitive skin and this product suits my skin perfect without any breakouts.would recommend to all with oily sensitive skin. It works awesomely and leaves you carefree. But it does make my skin greasy after  2 hours or so. Nice one actually matte texture sunscreen.
1400335.0^ Tooo good product.perfect for party. Lakme 9 to 5 mousse foundation is very good there is powdery texture they blend very well nice smooth finish excellent product. Product is nice. It's the best foundation.biege caramel is the best shade for me.i love it and it blends perfectly.it stays for about 6hrs. Illuminating foundations. It's my favourite daily foundation, since it's so light and smooth. gives you that flawless finish everytime!. I've used the lighter shade of rose ivory. Look for at least 5 6 hours. Nice product if looking for coverage which is light and bit long lasting.however i have oily skin and this makes my skin dry.but it gives good temporary coverage as compared to other products for upto 4-5 hrs. It stays long even in monsoon. One of the best foundations avail. really light on the skin and blends beautifully. a definite rebuy!. It is a wonderfull product.it has only one flaw that it makes your skin a bit dry.so if you have oily or combination skin,it will work wonders and if u are bless with flawless,blemish free skin then go for it won't disappointed.it is so weightless that it melts in ur skin and becomes invisible  imparting natural glow and matte look to ur skin. Love it...really so soft and light weight.amazing for me.i wish there was little more foundation but for fair face means more a kind of white not so wheaties. Very good foundation by lakme, leaves a natural look.  The mousse starts getting grainy after the application !. Liked product outside and brough this , it is not worth buying online better in lakme shops and cream comes out as a powder to start. I got a duplicate product this time. when i ordered it before texture was smooth, weightless and matt finished but this time it has very oily kind of texture.really very disappointing. Waste of money.i wish i didnt look up to people's cmnts n reviews!!. Totally weightless and gives good finish look with bright radiant skin but half of the tube is only filled, got at a great price from amazon. V smooth and its worth it.good product.
1400336.0^ Mostly loved face wash. Good one. The product is genuine. And it is very easy to blend absorbs into the skin immediately. Amazing serum. Smooth texture and contain spf. Light weight creme gives a neat finish on the skin2. It will make your face whitish for some minutes and then you will get back to your original dull face. Her skin glow and shine within a single month. I've been using these face wash for last 2 years and its the best even face wash i've used till now. If you have a clean and clear face, then this is one stop product for moisturizing as well as adding some glow to your face. Light with a fresh fragrance. It leaves you feeling refreshed. The smell especially, it's heavenly !. Cream becomes a bit dried up , and loses. I have oily and sensitive skin so i was looking for a very light day creme.and this cream worked good for me. She has oily skin and still lakme is doing a fairly good job in keeping the oil away while still giving the glowy look. Waste of money, it darkens ur face. First time tried this product best day cream value for money. Gives lighter tone. matte finish. price worthy.
1400337.0^ Product is good but delivery boys are not working properly. Giving a smooth feeling.and nice shade. Got the product very fast. Doesnt blend properly. Lovely , very light and blends. Hands down this is one of the best foundations in the indian market. Awsmm product.awsm finish.best buy. Looks like the product was used , the inner box was ivory fair and outer cover was of rose fair. Very fine shade as displayed. Perfectly and doesnt fade away even after 7 8 hours. It lasts for a very long time. But its so easy to use and the effect stays longer. Good for light. It easily blends into the skin and gives a beautiful finish. Very gentle soft and quickly get applied on skin. Leaves ur skin even toned that too with its creme texture easy. Today i received this product (almond honey).m v afraid to use it becoz the packing is incomplete n the smell is not lasted for mins also. since i hv been using this product i m suspecting its look like fake. but don't know exactly. can anyone help me.  This cream mousse is divine. Very light and the mousse perfectly gives u a matte finish on ua skin. Nice product gives a smooth texture. Realy bad mousse.waste of money. Wonderful product at this lower price. It turns into a powder form n lasts only 3 -4 hoursnot worth the money.
1400338.0^ Very super fast delivery n good product item. V.nice for oily skin,  lakme c.c and this cream add then v.nice. I think it is a perfect product. Blends with my skin nicely. A good solution. Lit make up finish. Made my skin beautiful & radiant in just a week. Perfect matching throughout the year. Using it from last 2 years. It does bring a glow to the face immediately after applying. Not a long lasting glow. It actually makes your skin firm and gentle. Love its fragrance.  I would like to recommend the cream for all late 20's. Good product , glossy. I just wasted money buying this product. Not good no use waste of money. Its not working better ponds cream and not worth for this price.
1400339.0^ Very good face wash. Good one. It's a good product.. It is transparent light formula.cleans well.better then creamy fairness facewash.i think.  Pink tube gives you a luxury product look.but garnier white provides much better results in our face. Nice face wash, has slight burning sensation when applied to face( i think its becoz of the cooling effect) but keeps face fresh and oil free for hours. This is the best cream for acne on face.i used it from 6 months and there is great results.i used it and very helpful to reduce acne almost all removed from face and also dark spot reduced. I never knew face washes could break me out till two years back (when i started experimenting with other face washes most of which broke me out on regular usage). It keeps my sk7n clean and give fairness. It brings superb glow and enriches the skin and feels amazing. Very good fragrance. I bought this facewash in winter,its gud  at first wash ,,but i got pimples due to beads contain in it.i dont like lakme reinvent facewashes.few years ago i used lakme mattifyng facewash n strawbery washwash,they was good.n mattifying is best one.dnt know y they stopped that facewashes. Absolutely great for oil skin. My favorite lakme face wash.for oily face its the best.luvd it.but this green tea extracts is  not available in the market new a days.found it amazon at an awesome deal.use it with scrub n mask gives a saloon clran. That's to good product for this price. It's worth the money.
1400340.0^ It ia always good, i got it in 160.good deal for me :) :). Though its nice but my skin gets a bit irritated. I am currently in love with this product. Better than lakme cc cream though its duffucult to blend. Its a beautiful products, the best part is it blends with the skin smoothly buy don't apply it on dry skin. Long can be used instead of foundation. It give prefect flawless finish. The shade matched perfectly. I would not say the product is bad because i have used the same shade earlier and it was just perfect but just unsure about the consistency of the shades and ingredients used. Lasting power is 2 hours. But once started using it,everyone cud notice it & gave good review abt my look.so im totally happy wid the product.the effect lasts for 7-8 hours(through out the entire working hours). N stays for a long time too. A dollop of this product is enough for the whole face. Cover the dark spots or the uneven skin.beige is basically a shade for medium to fair complextion but it works wonder. Good product from lakme , really brings a change to the skin. But if you like fragrance then go for it. Brightens up your skin.nice fragrance.gives medium coverage.must try product. Perfect for my complexion. and love the smell. This the best cream. It is good. the best thing is its containr on which the creams are packd. ovrall the product is good. it lighten/removes dark spots also. After applying t his,  finish off with a coat of translucent powder or compact n ur ready to go!!. Its only for fair skin.we look more darker when we use it.waste of money. Awesome product at awesome price. Goodthis product has worth for its cost and i can see difference from normal cream to this cc- creammy friend has also ordered by seeing its quality.
1400341.0^ Gives zero coverage and its texture is not good. Face magic  is verry  nice& smoothly  apply  on face , then is magic on face. This is very bad product. Though it doesn't cover all the acne marks, it blends really well on the skin. Very nice foundation. Lakme foundations or mousse is much better. Color blends neatly. Gifted it to my gf n she seems to be so satisfied wid d product its make up finish is quality n yet quite natural n subtle. she looks grt n yet as if der is no spcl make up. grt product lakme. thnxx amazon. This shade is a bit darker for fair people. Superb product.which gives fresh look till 6 hours.. Donot stay n face for long. Its a really nice product face gets a instant glow in few minutes and stays longer. Its very easy to apply, gives smooth finishing and spreads over entire face evenly, its lil bit scenty otherwise its good product. i like it. It's a good product. worth buying..gives an immediate glow to the skin. soft texture so easily spreads on the face. u don't have to apply any foundation. can be used on a daily basis. i have a fair complexion and this shade perfectly suited me.good product at a reasonable price if bought from amazon.the only demerit or i can say the biggest drawback. doesn't last long. may be 3-4 hours or even lesser than that. Liked the colour it ll suits for all type of skin. I jst love ths product.the fragrance is really nice.the packaging is also good.really happy to have ths.thnk u amazon.in. Lakme is good and this leaves very thin layer on skin. hides black spot or anything from your face.highly recommended. Not satisfactory it smell. A nice foundation cream. Friendly with creamy. Please dont waste your money. Lakme is good as it comes with lesser price makes it more affordable. Same quality.worth the price.
1400342.0^ I'm in love with this product..it is also a vry good make up remover. It helps to clean the face with it's great ingredients and give the glow desired. Very bad.expired product delivered. Vitamin e is present in the ingredients. Have been using this since my teens, very nice.probably the best cleansing milk. I'm editing this review since i stopped getting acne a few weeks after switching to this brand.this facewash is the ultimate solution for my dry, sensitive, acne-prone skin.  Years , no doubt. I hav been using it for d last 2 yrs but this tym it seems lil thick. Make cleansing a vital part of your skincare regime with this cleanser and get a flawless skin.vitamin e is present in the ingredients which is known for its antioxidants properties conditions the skin. This skin cleanser gently extracts dirt, oil, makeup, and other impurities from your skin after a long day. Doesnt make your skin oily mild and soft. Good product for delay use , very economical and amazon deal is best. Nice deal on such a price. Great value.
1400343.0^ I would say good buy. Very decent smell n nice on skin. Mrp is 220 rs. got in less .. product is awesome.. thanks amazone. So, i would suggest anybody to buy it only if you're okay with inhaling a strong chemical-like smell throughout the day.i would rather go for a biotique moisturiser which smells really good and is light on the face.3 stars for the rest of the features though. Fresh packing of lakme peach milk. Spf 40 beats. Not for summers.but for winters you can use it with ease on drier skin.gives a glossy finish and generally lasts for 8-10 hours. Lasts longer than i thought. Year if suits ones budget. I am a regular user of lakme peach milk moisturizer, and as far as, i remember,i am using it from last 10 years.this time, i thought of buying from amazon.in. This product is so good.after using this product my face glow. Leave a very soothing effect in the skin. This is one of the best moisturisers i have used, very light on skin and makes it soft. Great product. amazing fragrance!. But the smell is like coriander.  One of the best moisturising cream. Lotion for oily skin , & so light & nice. Doesn't get completely absorbed but leaves a slight sticky residue. Great value of money. Best one at half price. Good product with great discount. its worth.
1400344.0^ Makes your skin dry. good otherwise. Nice one. I have oily skin n i m using this product after using sebamed cleansing foam.together they work best for oily ,acne prone n dull skin.,  i loved this product. its very nice compare to lotus night cream.thank you amazon for huge discount.@230. Feels light and better for oily skin. gives artificial look just after application but after half an hour or so blends with skin and appears natural. Nice product good result when applied a layer before applying foundation cream. But believe me.i had to break the bottle to get the serum out.!. Good and gives perfect finish. It actually works. my skin has become much softer n a shade fairer. every time i wake up in the morning i can notice that sheer glow on my face:).  Its reallyy a nice product and lasting.i just love it. Though whatever little does come after minutes of pressing is good. Hmm.it's work starting 1st week while i used it but now it's nt showing result that i was expected. Its not suitable fr oily skin. My skin broke out the very next morning after first application. I wake up with soft & super beautiful glowing skin.only one negative point is that it contains lots of chemicals. Doesnt make u fair bt leaves. Absorb well into the skin,light and nice fragrance. Its a very beautiful cream for all type skini m using this creme since 3yearsi love lakme. Creme since 3yearsi love. I couldn't find any result in my face.waste of money. Price , this product actually is very cheap. Another good product from lakme and very much worth for its price.
1400345.0^ Smells good.good one. As for the product its nothing great. That's is a good product. Color is different from the picture otherwise its a good one. So good , here in the photo it is of pink colour. So good , here in the photo it is of pink. Month because i waited for some good. Doesn't do such magic as advertised but its ok to use maybe once a week or so. Great clean up mask, and works wonderfullywith facepack too. It cleans dirt from my skin.also makes my skin soft. Smells good and works well with skin.  Give it a try. its nice pdt and feels glow in couple of applications. It is a nice clean up mask.it gives the multani mitti feeling and clears the excess oil from the face making it smooth and clear.but do not think it will make you fair because it just cleans the faces of the dirt and excess oil.and i am happy as i got it for rs 96.thank you amazon. Very nice one worth for money. Value for money.
1400346.0^ Not good for oily skin. This suncreen does do the job ,is waterproof to an extent but will surely accentuate dry patches if you have any.it is moisturizing at the same time too but also gives slight white cast even after blending enough!overall a good product with few flaws that can be ignored. A very good sunscreen cream. Well, this white cast was not issue for me because i have fair skin tone with pink undertones but it can become drawback for medium, wheatish, dusky toned peoples s they will be struggling to blend it with skin. Protective formula against the sun. Really nice spf. I am getting my natural skin colour while applying lakme sun expert from harmful uv rays. It has a smooth texture and very good finish, did not leave white cast. Not issue for me because i have fair skin tone with pink. Makes skin soft.but you need to reapply after 2 -3 hours to make your skin perfectly moisturized. I am using it since 1 year and it shows great effect. My family using this product by last 4 years with compleat sun protection. Face sweated , it didnt dripped. It's texture is really good not at all sticky which makes it perfect for oily skin. It's a really good product for daily use.it's light and matte finish will give good touch to skin. Best and light moisturizer , fruity fragrance. Creamy and cocoa smelling.  Drys up very quickly without absorbing it into the skin.i found neutrogena spf cream better than this.leaves some white cast. It does not feel sticky at all. With such a good texture and fragrance at such an inexpensive price this is a must buy for winters is what i feel. It's so effective nd affordable.one must have this. Lakme sun expert spf 24 i don't like it is totally waste of money it is too greasy not blend very well it is so patchy and heavy on face. At a resonable price and smells incredible.it helps to protect the skin from sun exposure and guards against the harmful uv rays.
1400348.0^ Meet expectations, good product. Nice product unless the previous one which has it's problem in pumping out the serum. Lakme absolute youth infinity serum is not very good but not worst.  Times n only one pack nossle worked. Awesome product and parfect for all type skin types visible affects in only one week. It's just osm product!i'm using it from last 2 year. I am still using the serum and my skin feels lighter, smooth and glowing.i am yet to know about the skin firming part but i love the serum alltogether, totally works for me. My skin began to show positive effects just after a week of usage. Leaves your skin silky smooth. I always try out different creams and serums on my face when i hear good reviews about them and this one was the same too. As the serum is non greasy should work with other skin type too. Product is very good.but very less quantity for the price. you open the bottle and see how small it is,. It is very expensive but i think every penny is worth it.
1400350.0^ It's really good. Good product,nice efect. Very effective product. I am using it for last one month, texture is not good for dry skin.  Makes your skin supple and smooth. But no allergies or unpleasant smell. I got a huge pimple after using the cream for two days. Ty for discount.
1400351.0^ Received good product, thanks to amazon for quick delivery. Practically using it overnight and getting it washed the next day continiouly for 45 days is not possible for office going people.but smells and feels ayurvedic which is nice.cant say about hair growth claim but definitely nourishes the scalp and makes hair shiny after a wash.but the price is too high as compared to same product of other renowned ayurvedic brands. Product is good.  Worked initially for a month. I am very happy by the results. I love this oil. works great for hair growth. My hair fall and dandruff reduced within just one application of this oil. Good product , need consistency. I am so amazed with this oil. Good package and fair price. Open market purchase this product is very complicated.
1400352.0^ Lotus products are always good. Just nice for cleansing. I have been using this product for last 3 years. this is a must have. Cleaner available in india , all herbal. This really a good cleansing milk. But after that you will get a smooth clean and fairer look with little lemon and turmeric scent whole day with you. I have been using this cleaner for more than a year. Also it clean my face dirt deeply. This is one of the best cleanser present in d market. Lovely refreshing fragrance, gentle on the skin and deep cleans the face amazingly well.  Properly packed , the cream. Smells nice.gud texture.bt i think it'll b very oily for those who have oily skin.otherwise nice product.lotus that is. Good product at this price. Superb quality product worth buying.
1400353.0^ It's good for her. Gives nice glow to skin but the effect is temporary.gave me mild acne.better to use in your late 20s. I purchase this product reguraly for my wife.excellent product. Best thing it doesnt contain parabens.  Not so effective after a month. I am using this creame as a day creame and lorial paris age 3x night creame excellent results.i am recommended all girls for this don't loose hope just used this and see the magic only in one week.god bless you. Spreads uniformly, whole day glow. I found some good results /change in the neck area. You will see visible improvement in the skin with 3 weeks of continuous application. Nice lightweight nd not greasy, makes my skin feel soft and supple. Love the mile fragrance. No harm done on my skin so far.non greasy formula and nice fragrance.waiting for its effects. Vry gud cream. No greasy heavy feel.good for normal, dry (may need more quantity )skins. Does not give satisfactory results leaves my eyes puffy, does not even provide good texture upon overnight application. At this price, it is a very good deal.i am very much satisfied with the product. Just a bit on the expensive side. Good for the price.
1400354.0^ Good for sensitive  skin people. Good product.i love it. Great product at a good price.  Serum ( olay regenerist advanced. Its the best solution for people with dry skin and acne. So on the days i would want a really good finish for the base makeup i mix a bit of this olay cream with the olay serum (olay regenerist advanced anti-ageing revitalizing skin serum) and voila it results better than any primer. So its for normal skin only and that too for the summer months. That apart you can use this as a face cream all year round and your skin will stay soft supple and well nourished. Near her eyes for past 4 5 years. Its amazing for dry skin. I jus awesome. my skin is bounce and glowing. i m loving it. Very smooth and very use full for winter skin. Awesome product from olay.love its silky,smooth texture with a baby cream fragrance.thanx amazon for delivering this to my doorstep timely.:). Fail. its not the anti aging cream. just a moisturising cream. Good cream not greasy. It is moisturizing but not at all oily/greasy/sticky. Love this moisturiser.when no expensive branded cream works on my dry skin.this smoothes out my skin in just one use. Good one in this price from other any product. It's a good product worth money i like to much i feel my skin soft and smooth.
1400355.0^ Best creame i have extreme oily skin plus sensitive too no cream even from organic brands works this good do give it a try for oily skin. The result is good.nice daily use cream. Again received the wrong product.  The perfect way to use this cream is like a foundation, in which you take small parts of the cream and apply it to  parts of your face while blending it in. A normal cream with foundation kind of solution. The cream is perfect for oily skinned beauties and it also lasts well. Years , simply love. And somtyms leaves white layer on your skin. just add intense glow on your face which last only when u r in a cool area. Dislike is , it leaves a white residue on the skin. It leaves the skin oily and donno some white sticky particles come out once you apply it on face..looks like the product doesn't blend with face. It has a light pleasing scent and after applying i dont even feel tht i have applied something on my face. Okay product but lotus wheitening cream gives better output than this cream.suitable for oily skin. One of the best creams. Doesn't give sticky look. Good product at best price.
nan^ Pretty good. An awesome product and equally aromatic. This is an awesome sunscreen which is perfect for oily skin , does not become oily , penetrates well in your skin and leaves a matte look.with an spf 50 , this is definitely the best budget sunscreen available. I love how it blends in skin and doesn't look too patchy. perfect for all skin types. I will continue using it in the summers as well as an everyday cream.this ultra-lightweight formula provides 7 skin benefits in one cream, good to hear isn?۪t it. Spf is good and. It's the best moisturizer for oily skin type as it gives a matte kind of finish but doesn't dry the skin up. I won't say its a whole lot different than that scent, but you can surely smell a whole lotta rose in it hence the name i suppose. Shade , that aside , recommend. L?۪or̩al by far is leading in all it?۪s products and this cream is just superb in terms of a good face cream. it gives you a long lasting glow and also reduces the appearance of dark spots. don?۪t go by the size and price. the cream lasts really long and is worth every penny. It stays all day long and i don't need to reapply it after every hour. Only thing i want to say is this one is perfect for every1 out there dont think before uh buy i just loved it nd its so light on my skin. Makes your skin so soft and clear. This product is so good and it actually works. It is very light on skin, the fragrance is worth dying for but it doesn't last long. The smell is pleasant and stays long.  I so loved the consistency of this cream. it's perfect for winters and for those who have dry skin. trust me u gotta get this :). This is a good sunscreen for oily and acne prone skin, as it doesn't darken skin tone or turn it greasy overtime. Till now i have never found a sunscreen that would not cause my oily skin to go into an oil producing frenzy. Please forest essential keep this product this affordable it is so good. Especially if you visit the uk, buy this product from there for a cheaper price. The product is worth its price.
