1.0^  U need to be very accurate while applying it coz once you stick it and than wants to change the position of the tape , it looses its stickiness completely.i m not happy wid it.
10.0^ A must have. Loved the product and on time delivery. Amazing product. Loved the product and on time. No fall outs , is not chalky on application , very soft in texture. Beautiful color.
100.0^  Eye shadow palette , so now i m in a better. It's almost an year since i bought this eye-shadow palette, so now i m in a better position to review this product. Its pigmented and gives a beautiful look on ur eye however there are few colors which are light & would need 2-3 strokes to show up on eyes. I  dont want to rate even a one star but cant leave this empty. Reasonably priced. Quantity may seem to be less however i appreciate the quality. Only black colour in the pallete is bearable.
101.0^ Good product in minimal cost.i prefer this product in future. Nice product.but i got damaged one:( two colors are powdered!!. The product is long lasting and has enough colors to suit any mood!. Product is good but it's smell is so hard, i thought it had black, blue like some dark colour, but it hadn't.& one more thing it delivered some days before which is a good thing. Really it is a very lovely product.just love it. pigmentation is good. all shade are there.overall worth it. The quality is not too good, but thank you for providing so many shades in an affordable price.
103.0^ I like.
104.0^ Awesome moisturiser with awesome kashar smell. just loved it.i would obviously recommend it to everyone with any type of skin :).
105.0^ It's really a good product. Its really very long lasting.comes with a cute applicator.packaging is little towards downside as no mirror is there.but eye shadow is pretty good.but its all shimmery.so if ur thinking for a matte eye shadow its not for u.. Product is gud. Amazing colour with long stay, almost 6-7 hours, peach colour in this palette is the best one, just apply it with every dress &you are ready. Staying power is around 7 8 hours which seems good. The best one , just apply. The texture of this product is slightly creamy. does not fall on your cheeks and nose which usually happens while applying any glitters. Eye pallet pigmentation is just awesome. A leaves my face silky smooth!. I have amour palette which is having 10 eye shadows and 2 highlighters and one angled brush included in it.the pigmentation is just amazing as same as the makeup revolution palettes.you can create any look my using these shades. And not too expensive. I won't suggest them just because they are well in budget.  The colours fades and its quality is so bad that it starts to melt even in normal sweaty condition. I have heard a lot about mua cosmetics and also this was my wst mua purchase so i had huge expectation. it was a turn down because despite keeping the color scheme so chic the pigmentation is a bigger issue. About half the eyeshadows are very pigmented, the remaining fall flat on the lid unless applied wet for colour intensity. Colours are too shiny.
106.0^ I like to mix the black and brown and use on eyebrows.only used the eyeliner gel once and it gave me a severe eye irritation. Little sticky in eyes and i like dark black look.it's not bold look, but nice worth for the money, brown shade is suit in eyebrows . Very bad product irritates eyes and makes them red. It is d best product and smudge freee.looks good nd last long. I have been looking for something like this for long. Nice liner and really long lasting. Very happy with the product.easy to apply. But i'm quite satisfied for the eyebrow powder and brush. I was eagerly waiting for the gel eyeliner but seriously i didn't expct dis the brown eyeliner was in real bad condn but 3 stars oly bcoz d black was gud shame on u flipkart please check before u send d products alst implement that. It lasts well throughout the day, although it tends to creep into the eye in 4-5 hours and irritate.  Eyebrow power was really good. Brushes are tiny n easy to apply.still worth the price. Its worth to buy. Eyeliner is good but when i received the parcel the bottles were half empty and i ordered black and brown colour but i got black and blue the quality of the eyeliner is nice it's waterproof and smudge proof i like the black colour blue is also nice and deliver was really fast i got this liner before delivery date i gave 3 star coz of colour mistake and half empty overall worth buying thank you. The felt tip os so smooth.good for sensitive  eyes or watery eyes.  its really awesome brush. u can do many desogns n textures in this brush.  broqn is ok. The quality is also not good. This product is amazing. like.d eyeliners blend very well.and also d eyebrow powders provided.r beautiful.well pigmented.m in love with it.. it's worth buying this.coz u get.4 products.in so less price.. and believe me.they are all phenomenal.a thumbs up for it.:). Black was good. I do wish the brown was darker and better suited for indian tones.
107.0^ Doesn't smudge.good product. Nice product. Doesnt smudge.
108.0^ It's the smoothest and most amazing kohl i have ever used. Love it. Its a nice easy to use product and settles nicely to a crease free finish.  Nt very convenient for long lasting. Staying power. No clumping, builds nicely for a second coat. Its so quick and easy to use. Product is not waterproof and also it smudges very fast not long lasting.not recommended. Didnt irritate. Eye shadows arent very loud. But i admit, the product is extremely soothing and calming to the eyes. Good tip. But a single stroke gives black colour. Great color. Colour is a normal.
109.0^  It is one of the safest kajal i have used close to homemade one. It's a waste.seems it's a used one.wish i could get a fresh one sent without extra cost. Apply dis soon aftr shower its really amazin.small amount s enough to spread all around eyes.really black finish nd leave long time.just go for it.:)thnquu for stil keepin d real one. I apply in the night before going to bed and wake up in the morning with beautiful looking dark eyes. Removal is easy with eyemakeup remover. A very little amt is suffice for eyes.
11.0^ I have recently started using eyeliner and must say this is amazing and good for new learners like me. The tip does dry up but the trick is to store your liner facing down towards the tip.i loved it for the price i have tried loreal, maybelline liners too but this wins.i usually use two to 3 differ type of liner to achieve the look this one to shape the liner , liquids liner to fill the liner  and if i wish i top it off with lotus kajal and honestly it give u the best jet black eye liner you want. Nice kajal.i m really happy to buy this product. *stay is long enough for 9 to 5. Very nice , long lasting. *gel kajal has good staying power and is really waterproof. Not as expected.application is gressy.but aftr drying its fine. its complicated on application.toooo oily like.does dry out n gives matte look but turns messy. Extremely easy to apply. Both eyeliner and kajal are easy to use!. Its awsome.it will give you beautiful eye complexion.go ahead wt ur purchase.you wont regret. It also  gives a small brush which is good for the beginners like me to start doing the eyeliners with it as it is in the gel form it is easy to learn from this.it is very soft on eyes while applying.i would recommend for the beginners to start with this product for doing eyeliners as it will help u to great extent at very good price.because while doing with stick some time stick brokers due to some pressure so it's nice as it has brush.u can learn doing no. The pigmentation of this kajal is so good. This is really the most affordable and best sketch eyeliner i have used. It works best as an eyeliner but it smudges if u touch it. good for doing smokey eye and decent for its price. It's kinda okay for a regular use.you needa apply at least thrice to get a bit of heavy lashes.though worth the money.i am not buying it again anyway.but indeed it's pocket friendly. The liner is very creamy and smooth,has very nice pigmentation,and dries down completely matte.the applicator is a little flimsy,but the product itself is really nice and pocket friendly. Its nots a smudge proof. Nice tip for application and dries quickly. Black , doesnt smudge. A product which do much in this low cost.keep it up blue heaven. Once layer it and it looks jet black.
110.0^  It's best used if you apply a line and smudge it with the smudger provided. Lovely dark brown shade.
111.0^ It is an amazing product. Maybelline eye shadow , had high. All the eye shadows in this palette have a lot of glitter in them. Satisfactory pigmentation. I purchased this eyeshadow palette because of the discount- 9 fun shades for just 300 bucks!. Same as shown in the picture. nice shades. it is an amazing deal that you got an international brand's eyeshadow at local brand's price. thanks flipkart. and please add more eyeshadows of nicka k new york. :). An amazing deal that you got an international brands eyeshadow at local brands price. Pigmentrd good quality shimmer shadows.
112.0^ Good ouality&amp;super.thank you flipkart. Upset i order this product. Very good product. Worth the money.  Worth. It has numerous color options and it works quite well too!!.
113.0^ The eyeshadow feel soft and smooth on the skin. This eyebrow tinted mascara is just fabulous. But, overall, fantastic product!. On the eyes for so long, n doesnt smudges!. Smooth , blendable , and much staying power. Defines the brows and stays on for close to 5 hours. Must have product smooth and soft application. This product is easy to use as it comes in a pencil packaging and the lasting power is also pretty good. According to her, this is the worst eye pencil, she has ever used. This is a good base for your eye shadows as it pops the colors. It smudges around the eyes after very less time of application. They stay for a long time and the pigmentation is also great. Total worth of money and easy to carry anywhere. And the best part is the price. This goes into my permanent essential.worth it try it.  4 stars because the brush is of no use i had to use a separate brush and you have to press it a little hard which is totally okay. The quality is decent, don't expect a lot of pigmentation. Although it says charcoal, it is greyish-- which is a good thing as charcoal type of black for eyebrows will look very fake n over done.this looks natural. Colour black , i will choose this over benefit. It is convenient, easy to use and just the right shade for indian skin tones.
115.0^
116.0^ Nice product. But product is not good.the first apply gives waterly texture. looks like water is mixed in the product. don waste money on this instead buy any other good brand eyeliner.  And also bcoz of this it has advantage of long term use as per other clossal and eyeconic.. Lovely , long lasting. Nice one easy to apply. Awsome product, deep in colour, easy to use, wonderful package , purely water proof. Good, it is in pencil mode just sharp and use it. Don't buy this..in eyes so irritation. It's very nice. a must try. will give amazing volume to your lashes. Got expired product and bottle was empty. fully unsatisfied and waste of money. Product is superb no doubt, but the price is just too high. Worth. Not good , the liner. Eyeliner is superb quality and smooth, waterproof , im so happy bought this product. This kajal is quite good. not last longing and not smudge proof. Super oriflame pure colour. It is not a felt tip,its sketch pen model,gives dark black colour,if you wish to buy eyeliner this will be perfect option. Finish not good.
117.0^  Its ok for the price, might have been a bit cheaper, but ok for use. Though the color is beautiful but sure to less quantity i felt cheated.
119.0^
12.0^  Product packaging is fancy, but the mascara formulation is little drippy. Total waste of money nvr buy this product not at all smudge proof.dsnt last fr a single hr.why u people cheats customer dnt get it. Easy to apply. Easy to apply. very smooth but starts spreading after few mins. so no fun of buying this.its not long stay kajal at all. Good deal in such a less amount. Total waste of money. Dont by this bad quality. Its good quality. Pretty dark black.
120.0^ Beats any other in the market. It is a nice product.quick service by snapdeal. Thank u snapdeal for this lovely product.  Doesnt smudge, very fine and easy to use. For my eye best suited so good must buy. The color is so intense that it makes eyes pop out just like anything.intially the tip of kajal is pointed so its it creates thin line but as it wears down the line applied gets a lill bit thick. Though its not totally smudge proof it stays for long.the camphor n pure ghee fragrance makes it smell so nice.worth buying it. Smudge free.
121.0^  The best maskara i have ever used. Need to get dry fr long time . The best maskara i have ever used.it makes eyes big and beautiful curle.go for it girls.so easy to take off from eyes without hurting eye lashes.
123.0^ This is the best kajal i have ever used.staying power is really long and last for 1 day.this is a perfect jet black color for me.thanks nykka for delivering it so quickly. This is must have product in your makeup kit. Very smooth and long lasting. doesn't smudge even on a hot day. got it at a discounted rate and definitely worth the buy. Amazing pigment and staying power. It stays on for a good amount of time without major smudging. Its a very long wearing kajal, glides on smooth. Without any second thought, all the pretty girls out there must try.thums-ups from my side.no doubt about the quality but the quantity as well is super affordable.buy and forget about the new purchase for few months.just one less star because they should start giving complimentary sharpener as well. The only disadvantage is the sharpening part, it wastes a lot of product. Kohl is awesome but wen one comes to sharpen it the pencil in which the kohl is inserted become brittle and hurts a lot while application either like or waterline of the eye. It stays on my waterline for 5-6 hrs after which it smudges slightly from the corners of the eyes. It is really very smooth and the pigmentation is also great. After trying and draining money into pits for almost all leading brands in market,  ordered this kajal from nykaa with little or almost finished hope but to my surprise,  it really does the job. indeed it is the deepest and darkest kajal of all time,  claims that it does not smudge at all but in the waterline,  smudges little bit after 3-4 hrs. still nonetheless the best amongst the all.  it's been 1 yr now,  not looking back to any other kajal now & that too always from nykaa  :-) better to order combo from nykaa always,  u always get great deal. Overall it is a good product but i was looking for good amount of product as per the price that i was paying. Bit pricy but worth it. This doesnt smudge for the entire day. It ll last for 8-10 hours and smudge free. Easy to apply, smudge proof, long stay. It's so smooth so black so creamy.it gives intense black colour not found any kajal like this yet.it is non irritating. It's is the smoothest kajal i have ever used.it doesn't budge or move all day.when i removed with wet wipe it came off easily.easy to apply,easy to remove.its jet black. But, it's super black and stays longer.
124.0^ For this price - good product. The product is vry good i like it. The qumeidie shimmer is very beautiful and very good product and try this is. This one is really good stays for three to four hours with primer. The product lasting is 9 to 5. smooth glittery eyeshadow. It has a long stay and also makes you look glamorous and classy !. As they shimmer eye shadow and its correct it gives to my eyes a nc shimmery shade and i loved it u should go with this oneðð. Pigmentation is so good. It's a great deal even if u are not a regular user of eye shadow, i took an allergy test behind the ear and it is safe. decently pigmented and great variety of colours.good product. Price i thought this product might be worst. Nice to use n worth it. Aww.its worth buying. Amazing shades,loved my pallete,worth buying,good quality.in short its perfect. Quality is not good.  One colour is broken. I wanted only the exact colours which is shown on the picture but actually many of the colours were different and d quality isn't that well but it's not bad either in dis price.
125.0^ No then i will b very disappointed. I wish it would b more gud..but nw whtever i buy he should b gud product ha.no then i will b very disappointed.abt tat plus i will stop buying from flipkart.ne thng.
126.0^ This is the best eyeliner i have used till date !. The kajal last for 6-7hours and tends to get smudged if applied lightly. Was hesitant to try this product. It is long lasting as well. I'm looking for this product for quite a long time. Good results aftr using the products , becz this is frst time. First, you apply the base shade with the very efficient brush it comes with. This eyeshadow is cute, and easy to apply and overall it's best buy at best price. It's smooth and creamy and glides on and best of all - doesn't stray. This is the worst eye. Revlon kohl kajal is perfect one for any eyes. It has an amazing pigmentation and is long lasting as well, easily glides and can be used for smokey eyeshadow as well. Better spend your hard earned money on buying something worth.revlon is selling scketch pen under name of eye pen. Definitely worth the buy, especially if you want just a little colour and at least try a colour with your eyes to see if its good. It has come with a very nice shade & also suits for every occasion, worth buying!. In terms of quality and pigmentation it is nice purchase works pretty well. I use this liner since 5 years , longivity in staying , no smudge during night time even. love this liner and will recommend others too. Smudge proof , smear. Black as i would like , the brush is one of the best. Decent , you would have to layer the product twice to build up full color. Plum shade is just a soft shade for olive skin tones.
127.0^ Kajal tends to become lighter by the end of the day ,but this alright.i highly recommend. As the name says- soft kohl, it is indeed soft and i love it as it glides on my lash line. Product if u r a smokey eye lover. I have been looking for a long lasting white kajal in the indian market but there haven't been any except this one!. Amazing texture and staying power is awesome. An amazing budget-friendly product that stays on your lids for a long time, even without primer. I have to redip into the pot many times for proper application. Both are very creamy and easy to apply but they smudge on the waterline super fast. This is really good kajal pencil.its to smooth to apply and the colour is also dark black.i got this within two days of orderi'm satisfied with the product and nykaa. Also it has decent stay though it does smudge towards the inner corner of the eye. It gives an air of mystery to the eyes.it suits the indian wheatish complexion. Amazing pigmentation. It is a great soft brown pencil. 1) can be used on waterline, lashline or on lid2) good pigmentation3) staying power is average upto 3-4 hours.4) most affordable. Its worth the money. Very longlasting. very good for the price. It stays for 7-8 hrs on my oily skin n doesn't smudge. Long stay nice shades,,,water n smudge proof best for monsoon.. Waterline , lashline or on lid 2 ) good. Longing to get a brown. As the name says, it is soft and smooth to apply, the color is amazing and pigmented but the drawback is that it smudges off immediately if you even touch it. Not waterproof very bad product worst experience it seemed water mixed colour.
129.0^ Its good product. I love. I really like this product. Its easy to apply & stay long. Eye make up , colours are bright and. It is aussmm, it gives perfect finish to the eye make up, colours are bright and shining.
13.0^ My gf said it's the best waterproof eyeliner she has used. Super product!.  If you are looking out for something perfect and worth the money you are paying, this eyeliner will be best for you.i've been using it for more than 3 months now and the same product has given me consistency like never before with any other top class brands as well.it's extremely long lasting and proof is that even if i wash my face with water it would leave my eyelids for more than 3 days unless i'm really scrubbing it out.i've used all top brands till date but this one is worth buying at all times. It removes easily staying power is good. The brush is easy to use. It has a very smooth application. The best liner i've ever used,  promt delivery also,  worth buying. The best liner. It's a good product. smudge free. Its shiny and waterproof.
132.0^ Useful for quick outings or to use as an everyday kajal. If you are looking for a long day out, i would recommend something like maybelline colossal kajal or lakme eyeconic kajal. I would recommend this product to my friends n relatives.  Natural , had to apply. Gives a mysterious look to the eyes when it smudges. Shahnaz's natural products are reliable and good for skin. Kajal is nice but work on smudge proof. Eyes become defined after 2 or 3 strokes. Natural , had to apply three to four times for getting a dark colour.
133.0^ Cute little. Good product. That is the only drawback of it. other than that the product is good. Not complain as had to travel and couldnt return till end of 10 days. It gives such a nice spark to your day to day boring eye makeup without making it look to loud or flashy and also u can wear it lightly or a make it deep depending on the place you go. Its exactly the one i was looking for so long. Firstly it got delivered with eyeshadows all broken n mixed up and in pieces so thanks for that (did not complain as had to travel and couldn't return till end of 10 days period for return)  of whatever could  be harnessed- i used nude brown as concealer and worked well 1st time but on 2nd time apptication i found my finger rubbing and rubbing but no color is coming on to it.it is like colored steel beneath one layer that doesnt have any color to apply(this one was fully intact)  other colors work fine, average pigmentation-might have to apply over and over again  not too shiny, decent look after application, nude shades are good. A spot of glitter & tons of glamour – that’s what you get with this eye shadow. a tiny swipe delivers a lot of shimmer. it’s an innovative product, where the eye shadow comes with flecks of sparkle. easily washes off. cute little box is easy to fit in makeup bag or purse.  Nice choice of shades and good pigmentation!!. I don't think i can get these pink shades within this budget. Colored steel beneath one layer that doesnt have any color to apply ( this one was fully intact ) other colors work.
135.0^ Good product at. Kajal lovers must buy. That packaging is extremely impressive and can be used for gifting purposes. Lasts for at least 5 6 hours. Long time and doesnt smudge. Though the colour of the kajal is beautiful, the staying power is very less and smudges very quickly. No tugging or pulling is required, glides on smoothly, pigmentation is quite dark. And the tube is sleek and cold to touch but very very sturdy!. Very easy to apply. It is 100% natural, so obviously there is not irritation or itching. Good product at affordable price. Worth. Doesnt smudge. Smudge free.  Color , it soothes the eyes , is chemical free. I tried to swipe it twice on my eyes and then spreading it all over to give a smokey eye look and this trick worked beautifully giving a smokey eye look.
136.0^ For this price its an awesome buy..the brush is pointed at the tip, hence its easy to apply.. I realky like this product and and good product in low price. This is first time i used star cosmetics, not as good as quemedie or lakme and i got this product undamaged, however the bent sponge tip applicator was missing from the box as shown on the picture, pigmentation is average, gets on the fingers very easily and gets smudged easily.  Really i love this product.very easy to use. Doesnt spread. Very bad experience.its not so black.i don't like it.so please don't buy it.worst quality applicator. It didn't match up to my expectations. yes the black colour is indeed rich and dark but doesn't stay long.smudges alot!!. Color n texture is nice.but tiny one.i hvnt received applicator as it is shown in pic. Golden , pink.
139.0^ Inexpensive eyeliner. The best thing about this liner. I loved this product and is a sheer value for money but you have to apply several coats to get the perfect black color. It lasts long enough (for a typical work day/college day). But its neither long lasting nor water proof but i found that its nice to wear as its price and want to try again. It has a good staying power.cons: it makes the eye sting for a few seconds of applying it. The applicator is not good too. I loved the shade of egyptian blue, it is cobalt blue color, bright & beautiful.it has thin applicator brush which helps in precise application of the liner.the best thing about this liner is, it's matte finish and very easy to apply, looks awesome. Favorite easy to apply , long lasting and dark as coal this street wear. Lovely blue shade to compliment every skin tone. One stroke, and you will end up looking pretty with kohl black eyes. The applicator is just flawless!. The pigmentation is great,lasts the day and the felt tip applicator is actually so much better than that annoying brush. The street wear liner brush is little difficult to use as it is very hard, otherwise liner shade is perfect. This color is royal blue.its too watery so you need to apply 3 4 cotes for that perfect finish.when i applied it for the first time my eyes were burning.bit then once you are done it looks great and gives a nice matte look. I bought the blue one and it is a very pretty midnight navy shade.
14.0^ Eyeliner , i liked.  Color pigmentation is good and moreover you get one free among with it.
140.0^ Finally my search for a perfect affordable eyeliner ends here.i m not very good with winged eyeliner technique but this one made it so easy.love it. thanks to nykaa for awesome service. Kajal , ever since 2013 ive stuck. This product gives your eyes a better harsh free smudge.it works wonder on eyes and make them perfectly beautiful!. Not that smudge proof, but if you keep off your hand from from your eye then this baby will stay for up to 7hrs long. I have been using it regularly and happy with the product it's smudge proof n long lasting love the product but the quantity n cost don't match. Dries pretty fast and on the contrary stays on for over 10 hrs. The applicator is amazing and makes the application so much more easy. The only pros are that it's smudgeproof and easy to apply. It glides like a butter.dark black.it's not waterproof and smudge after sometime.will have to sharp after every use.the packaging is average. This fits the bill to the t. it's creamy and glides on super smoothly on the lids, works great for smoky eye as it smudges with just a few strokes of your finger. Because if you are looking for easy application for that perfect winged eyeliner or in a hurry to make your eyes pop without over doing it  then this the perfect eyeliner for you!. Pigmentation and doesnt give hard time. Easy to apply, amazing colour pay off (dries matte black),no smudging and not tested on animals (cruelty free). It is not worth the price or the purchase. All time favourite maskara ,it makes my eye lashes super amazing worth buy. It's perfect for winged liner. Got dis as a gift. i loved it. longlasting no smudge and it adds perfect volume to ua lashes. best mascara i hve used. It's a black matte finish eyeliner it is smudge proof but not waterproof it's water resistant which i love it does not make me look like panda it comes off easily but stays all day long. Smooth liner ( in black. This is a beautiful jet black eyeliner with pure silky matte finish. It is complete matte and so looks great, but it is not very long lasting and started flaking off when touched.
141.0^ Awesome product.
142.0^ Nice product. The tip is so hard and it's difficult to apply.need to sqeeze the tip so hard for the product to come on the eye.  12 hours. Long lasting have to re apply every 2 hours , colour is nice. This pen is very rough theres no gel liquid only one eye can be lined up properly by the time the second eye is lined it gets dry and the pen wont work.i disliked the product. Nice and easy to use but not long lasting have to re-apply every 2 hours , colour is nice........................................ All in all, a good gel liner for teens and for beginners and for all those who are on a budget. The gel liner is sooo. smooth and only little quantity is needed for both eyes. Face wash , and it just did not budge , no matter how hard. It is totally waste of money. Quantity is good at ds price. ( they are worth your money.). The brush that comes with it is awesome. Its very very gud i love it this is first time i statidfied with my liner because of teen teen gel eyeliner. I didnt like it. faded black color.tip is also very bad. difficult to apply. dont buy. The product z perfect.gives gud color.dark black. u can create lots of different style in the eyes.and its really long lasting.i ws trying to rub it and failed 2 remove it.then it tried with water then i tried wid cleansing milk.then properly i was able to remove it.so.must try it product!!!. Deep black colour , applies smoothly and i would say a long lasting one all at an amazing.
144.0^  I give one star to flipkart for prompt delivery and refund. And amazing product. Doesnt come. Buying anything from flipkart please make sure. Nice product with good quality. Palette is broken. unable to exchange as well. worst quality. Best.very beautiful shades. Its, for very natural and subtle makeup, infact i hv started disliking the usual over the top shadows totally!.
145.0^ I love it. I'm definitely in love with this product. It is easy to apply as well as it is a long stay one.
147.0^ Though it smudges but it's got natural products in it.it smudges because it has got oils in it.if the smudge bothers u this kajal is a complete no no.but if u can take care of the smudge this kajal is very good for your eyes health.your eyelashes.and and and in winters there is no such problem. basically this kajal and others like lotus,biotique,vlcc are all best recommendations for winters because then they r gonna smudge less. Really nice product but 2 to 3 coating have to apply. I prefer vlcc products most of the time because they are of good quality,however this kajal was a huge disappointment.not only does this kajal smudge,it also doesn't last very long.i regret buying this product.don't buy this and save your money.  Long lasting , good. It is easy to apply but smudges within 2 hours. But it was really nice, easy to use and very smooth. Loved this product.it actually cools n relaxes the eye.bonus point is that you get 2 in price of 1.thats really a great deal at snapdeal. Eyes within an hour , which only gets wider. Herbal nature makes this skin friendly. Grab dis kajal b1 g1 # # # sanpdeal. It was good deal for the price and packing was decent. Using it for past 3 weeks. manufacture date is good(recent date) no smudges. but we have to apply more coatings for dark appearence. me and my  friend shared dis product.so its just worth half d amount  i bought dis just for name sake vlcc now the price is also reduced.:(127. Very good in quality. It doesnt even smudge that much. I have tried everything but till now this is the best. and its smudge free as it stays longer and darker gives really nice look. best one to buy. Smooth , dark and black. Instance dark black color makes eyes look great. Quality is indeed good in this price,but the only problem is,it smudge so quickly in just no time,but if you are doing smoky eyes with,you for sure gonna love it,becz texture is so smooth and it feels soft on skin,and also you have its left over for 2,3 days,but i usually go for smoky eyes so i love it.
148.0^  This product is very good. and i used many times. Good with the cost. Was t gud 1 worthy of its price.
149.0^ Good quality. I got this product at very low price, quality is just awsome.one of the best eye makeup product.don't think much girls.buy it now to get eyes that steal everyone's attention. Gud quality.  Both products is very glossy.& no skin side effects.shimmer all colours is too much attractive.with containers..
15.0^. and creamy consistency. It's a lovely color.
154.0^ Makes it much easier to apply without getting globs of glue and keeps eyelashes in place really well!love love love it.. The glue turns dark after drying and it is the best part of it because this is seriously a holy grail product for starters, who keep messing up the false lashes. This is the best lash glue. One downside is that, although it “dries clear”, it dries shiny. Gives the most natural looking long eyelashes ever. When using it here's a small tip for all the first time beauties.focus on both tip corner of your false lashes,same goes with this glue. This glue really holds on eyelashes well and also it's clear glue so it's easy to apply and doesn't create a mess out of it. Can we used 4-5 times and it's very easy to use. Good packing,, amazing wear. Can be used for a daytime elegant look without mascara with little of nude highlighter over and under the eyes or can be groomed for a dramatic night makeup. The lash band is of perfect thickness, doesn't irritate the eye and feels really light. Really good for natural effect lashes. These are affordable lashes in high quality. A great deal at this price otherwise its hard to find any false lash adhesive in the market. Worth. Ardell striplash adhesive is the best eyelash glue, that comes with a precise brush for easy application. It is stick your lashes very well.this is the best lashes glue i have ever used.thank you so much nykaa for given me such a good quality product. The quality is good, the price is reasonable. These individual lashes help you build more volume and length to your natural eyelashes. It looks natural and adds to the volume of our natural lashes just perfectly for it to look well defined and glamorous yet subtle and not overdone. If you are confused about fake lashes worry no more.just buy it.it provides that natural look plus enhances your eyes at the same time.
155.0^ This twin eye shadow has an intense pigmentation, that lasts all day long. I wanted to try out the no makeup look with the transparent mascara but it does nothing. For me this was the only transparent mascara available. Lasts all day. Wand is long and amazing to work with ease.i like to use it as base for my mascara or use it on some days when i don't feel like applying mascara but still want long lashes.  I have shade 02 blue purple and once mixed properly with water, it gives a very smooth & matte application. Doubts , since my eyes. It's a little difficult to use initially, but once you know to put the right amount of water, it looks amazing!. I am satisfied with the quality. It is smudge proof and richly pigmented. Love this eye shadow so pigmented so lovely. blends easily looks gorgeous on eyes and can be used as highlighter and blusher. Quality is so amazing , it is very pigmented and little shimmery must have eye shadow for wedding season highly recommended. It has no smell and it's dermatological you testing.
156.0^ I just love how pigmented these shadows. Thank you nykaa. Lovely packaging. The fearless pallete has all beautiful colors that blend beautifully and are very pigmented, i'm happy with nykaa that they have ciate as i was waiting for it from a long time. Easy application. It is easy to work with and works great when used with a primer. Ocean drive is the perfect taupy rose gold colour for that suttle pink shimmer.it gives a classy look to the eyes !!. Beautiful palette , which will suit all indian skin. The pigmentation is good and is very expensive for the quantity provided.  I have the shade ocean drive, which is a gorgeous rose gold shade.
157.0^ I like. Nice kajal. I just loved it.  Very soothing to eyes and there is absolutely no irritation in spite of using it for long hours. I have been using this kajal for a long time now. It does not smudge, its affordable and easy to carry with you. This is very smooth in texture, gentle and dark. It doees not cause any irritation and gives an intense and dark look to the eyes. Its smooth kajal, and doesn feel irritating on eyes. I bought fabindia kajal after reading some reviews and i must say its worth it.
158.0^ I personally love it. I've experimented with a few other colours too now, but this remains my favorite!. And the product is also very comfortable to wear. Great product especially if you want to switch up your look.fabulous for day wear and parties. They look a little different in reality though, and do not irritate the eyes even after being worn the entire day.  I just love it, freshlook lenses are always very good quality and comfortable to wear. I've got beautiful eye shape and this color luks so natural that now ppl can't help but stare and compliment on my eyes.n nobody thinks it's artificial.unless i tell them i am using lenses.this is by far the best decision of my life. I have dark brown eyes and this shade adds a very natural feel to my eyes. Skin tones i recommend. Sexy , earthy shade.
159.0^ I had used this eyeliner a long ago but ran out of it and was searching for it since its hard to find a color like this. It's certainly better than no mascara. One of the best product. Dries matte black and doesnt smudge. There is no flaking and is long lasting. Thanks for nykaa for delivering on time. The application is easy, and this gives super smooth finish. But it's perfectly great for the price.brown: in texture, applicator and lasting time it is similar to the blue. Perfect for a very day use. easy to apply easy to remove.. really loved it. Ordered brown color. looks beautiful on my brown eyes. It my first mascara, it is really very good and has separated my lashes. It will look better on lighter skin tones. This brand offers the most affordable matte black eyeliner. But for its price it is amazing. This is just awesome and the worth the price. Really good , though the brush. This is a very nice liner.  It's not waterproof and it given tightness to your eyelids though the matt finished colour brown looks fine but for proper brown you have to apply thrice. Ordered the brown and blue shades.blue: the colour is lovely and the applicator is surprisingly easy to wield. The shade is great too.
16.0^ The best thing is that this kajal. Its a great product, very light on eyes. After a long day when you look in mirror you do not see raccoon eyes and that is the best feeling. A very nice blend which makes your lashes thick and long. has a very smooth application and great pigment. the main drawback is that it smudges, a lot. you end up with panda eyes. would not recommend for office or party wear. simple home wear. Don't use it if you prefer long lasting clean lines (smudges easily along the water line). Its easy to apply and lasts a long time.its the perfect kajal. On first stroke, there came a buttery jet black color!i was so in love with it, but man, it smudges insanely!after 2-3 hours of application it was all around my eyes.so i thought to make a good use out of it, i used it to make that perfect smokey look on my upper lids. Very soothing, dark eyes,easy to apply and smudge free. It's very smooth and black colour kajal,those who like jet black kajal it's a best product for them and it's stay long. This is the worst quality one will ever useit spreads all over the eye. Glowing eyes , and eyelashes. Very nice kajal..it gives a defining look to my eyes in just a single stroke and i don't need to use liner every time. Instead of buying those high end eyeliner pencils, this works just perfectly fine. It's worth the price thought. So soft creamy and supr black.  smudges a little.but worth the cost. It does not smudge now and there is no need to apply it again in the entire day.  The ingredients are natural and it's pretty black. It has a creamy texture and a very nice and dark black colour but it smudges like hell.
160.0^ I like. This kajal is good for daily wear but definitely not for special occasions because its not so dark and not creamy. I was really excited about this product, but unfortunately it didn't satisfy me.  I did not experience much redness of eye with this kajal and it was pretty good lasting except that it would get smudgy now and then. Didnt irritate. Doesnt burn or sting your eyes. Best is free from chemicals and is safe. But definitely worth the price!. Doesnt smudge easily. It doesn't irritate and is good for my oily waterline. The colour pay off is also good but it smudges as its natural. It gives nice dark black colour but it smudges easily i am a kajal lover.
161.0^ This is an awesome eyeliner that just glides on my eyes. I usually go for this when i want a smoky eye look that is soft enough for day time. Jet black and creamy, it stays on for a long time, even on my oily lids.  Jet black.
162.0^ The eye shadow colours are amazing, beautifully tinted. The packaging is so delicate and it came defected. I have fallen in love with this product,not only the shadows but also the lip colours are great. This pack is really good.all the eye shades are really fantastic and lasts long after application.i just loved it. I got this product long back and i'm truly satisfied by the product. Plus it's all in one product, products stays on skin without melting or smudging for entire day. It is so smooth and easy to blend on your face gives natural look. It's also very compact and easy to carry. This makeup kit is so amazing it contains bright and smoky eye shades and it's really very nice. The pigmentation is amazing and it's all in one beauty kit.  Plus this is a great combo which includes eye shadows, gel eye shadows, blusher, concealers, eye brow shaders, and lip colours. Worth buying. Glitter , cream and powdery form. This has everything and it is so good and handy that you can carry it anywhere and the quality is also good. The eyeshadows are chalky, the brushes are too small, lip colors are average, the glitter is actually a loose glitter powder. Whole kit has been beautifully packed.eyeshade colours are magnificent.total kit gives a picture perfect look.so a big fat thumbs up for this lovely set.
168.0^ High colour pay off.stays on for long.really good shade.but the packaging is broken.2 stars for the texture and quality. The product was faulty.the pencil was moving abruptly with no eyeliner coming out of it.the least that came out couldnt get inside also.it is a waste of money. Really dishearted to receive this product and amazing you pay hefty amount. I love this one.it gives a smooth long lasting texture on eyes which perfectly looks classy.gives a classy n gorgeous look.  Very much bad experence.1 st time the screw is broken.i return it.but 2 nd time same problem happen.i hope i get my money back. It is easy to use and easy to remove. Can be used as eyeshadow also since it glides easily. And i must say that both are very smooth and glide easily on the eyelid. The beautiful peacock sky blue colour makes everyone look in your eye. The colour is good and really add charm to your eyes. The pigmentation is on the lighter end and would require going over the lids twice or thrice for brighter color. Terrible waste of money. The gold liner requires touch-ups to stay put for a longer duration. Doesnt smudge. Not a smudge proof and its really a completely waste product, its not even stay for min 3 years. Two stars for smooth gliding texture and the lovely green color. Jaded mint is the colour. The shade is awesome and it lasts easily for a long time.
169.0^ Am a huge get black fan.its a creamy eye liner am sure its not a gel.its finiah is not upto my expectations so one star less.it does what ever it claimsi have oily lids it stayed smudge free untill i remove it.very satisfied with the staying power but not with finish and the brush given !. I received product on time & it was awesome. property packed and brand new. very happy & satisfied.  The product is not what is shown erethe colour here is greenish but its actually a dull sea blue shadeits not lively at alleven after several coat of application the colour is not well understoodnot worth buying itand obviously over priced. So my opinion is divided: positives are the colour itself and the cool applicator, while the negative is the texture and consistency which affects the ease of application. Very nice product.it gives a royal look for eyes. Its a nice product from lakme. i mean blue is really indigo blue and teal is the same shade as the picture. just the problem is with applicator. So smooth nd easy to apply and all have this liner. Beautiful , almost like cobalt blue. Its a pretty purple colour but definitely something you can live without.
17.0^ Dont knw wts wrong with the product. Dont knw wts wrong with the product , it is changing colour. Don't knw wts wrong with the product,it is changing colour gradually after using for a very few days.while started using it was clear and now ash shade.
170.0^ Is awsome stay long loved it. Great product. Product is very nice. Nice and long lasting stay. Nyc. easy to use & easy to remove. Easy to use.  Silky and perfect colour. gr8 colour.
171.0^ It's an awesome eyeshadow to use on our eyes. I love the shades of this eyeshadow.its long-lasting.smudge free.this is perfect for wedding season and night parties.✌. The product quality and quantity both are good. Very nyc shades which goes along with mostly all my dresses, whether ethnic or western. and good to apply too. stays on for a long time. The staying power is good too, and so is the finish. Reasonable pricenegatives :d oesnt stay for longdelivery by amazon : delivery on time. All colours in d palette r beautiful n it's easy to apply. Very nice product.great for festive season.and pigmentation is very good and the texture is smooth.its very easy to blend. Application is very smooth.pigmnted.good for evry ocasion. No makeup look and even for a golden smoky eye. All the shades are perfect for creating a perfect mesmerizing look for your eyes. 1st thanks nykaa for a such a lovely packing no damage to any product and this eye shadows have good pigmentation good colours for any festival looks. It surely brings out the glam out of you.if ua in need of a affordable nd decent eyeshadow nt to miss dis.juz go fa it. I don't know if they can be used wet or not but i use them wet and the colour pay off is great that ways. It's a good buy for this range of price though. Applicator is not that good. Brush they give with this does not do its duty properly. All these colors are gorgeous, and the quality is amazing. Color shades are too good. This pallette is amazing.the colours are good and goes with any look. I love especially the yellow shade of tanjore rush.its quite pretty.can be used in a party wear but also suits well in casuals.
172.0^ N loved the texture of the eye shadow. Superb smooth texture amazing quality. lakme is a winner. These shades are really beautiful.and it’s a very good quality product. It is long lasting with the exact shimmer required for your eyes to look vibrant. Long time lakme has got the hang. Superb shades , superb pigmentation , superb staying power. Easy to use. I got my first ever pallete from the brand lakme and its so nicely pigmented and stays for quiet long time on my lids. and it's color collection is "awesome ". The pigmentation is just great!. It is super pigmented. It's colour collection is just awesome. really good for daily use and also very handy product. well pigmented eyeshadow and affordable also. Good pay off colors. Awesome product !! got at a very less price thanks flipkart for ur amazing delivery giving delivered at time. ☺☺☺.  Well pigmented eyeshadow and affordable also. Colors are very versatile. Its a very nice pallete to use. it is super pigmented.
173.0^ Loved the kajal so smooth, smudge free , it suits my oily skin where every kajal i tried smudge a lot. Kohl , hopefully lakme will make a loyal. I have retained the sharpener which comes with it and it's the only thing in this product which actually comes in handy!!. This is the only kajal that has stayed long enough on my waterline without smudging under my eyes since my skin is oily. However, the pigmentation and long lasting wear ability make it worth it. Stays on till the next day ( well , in form of smudge. Easy to apply. The kohl pencil is good but you will have to use a sharpener every time also the lower half for highlighter is useless. However the only disadvantage is it gets over pretty soon and you have to keep sharpening it quite often!. The lakmé absolute kajal glides like a dream and has a dark,pigmented soft finish that is perfect for the indian eyes.the black pigment is dark in the first application itself thus helping you to use less of this for the dramatic kohl eyes look.smudge this wth a little bit of black eye dh. The kajal is dark and too soft.it smudges not for summer use not worth the cost the smudger has no use doesn't apply smoothly on the eyes if you are using this as a eyeliner. Doesnt cause itching and irritation.  Its like any other kajal.nothing so very special about it.n the price is too high. This eye liner is bit pricey but it's worth it. I don't use it everyday- alternate between this and eyeconic & its almost been a year and still 1/4th of the pencil is left :)   i think its a must try for girls who are tired of looking for dark long lasting kajals (although bit of smudge will happen). Recently i purchased this product n i found it very good as compare to other brands like maybelline colossal nd.all.frstly thnks to flipkart fr their quick service but i didnt get the sharpner wid the kajal so bit upset.n i tried to call them but they r nt responding since a week.but coming to the product itss realllyy very awsme.smooth smudge free.dark black. The product is awesome,  smudge proof. I bought it six months back, it's a superb kajal and goes with the name, provides you an ultimate black kohl feel and is easy to apply. This is my favourite kajal ever. it's jet black in colour and is best to create smoky eyes. It can be effective as a lash line kajal or for creating the smokey eye smudged look.
174.0^ Fake product useless flipkart. It is not as good as other lakme kajal,always breaks down on application.delivered on time with nice packaging by flipkart.you can look for other brands -white kajal  in the same range as this one is not really worth the amount. And it is not the end, the product is defective, tip is not coming out and it looks it is already used. Product was of very old stock and stick was lil bit broken.not salisfied wd flpkrt.bt eyeconic is much better than mayblline.bt it definintly smudges in humid condition in day tm in kolkata. Product is good, long lasting but difficult to remove. My all time favorite.  This kajal smudges on my oily lids and does not apply as smoothely as i would like. Application of the kajal is very smooth and is also very pigmented. Eye liners are the best. It slides smoothly to give a uniformed effect to the eyes. I just want 2 say thanxx for sending this product double i have not ordered 2 nd time but you have send it..are you trying to waste my money and time over all i like my lakme eyeconic kajal very much..i m not satisfy with the time of delivery. This is a good kajal with good price. Worth for money !!!!!!!!!!. The quality is low, it does not gives any finish. It has a creamy formula which dries within seconds to a rich yet no smudge finish. For the past 3 yrs i used himalaya kajal,but it would smudge in just an hour.so on my friends suggestion i got iconic.and it din hav smudging problem but it just disapears in 4 hrs.the product promises 10hr of smudge free kajal.but wer does d kajal exist first.am  highly disappointed.. Not satisfied. and it doesn't even stay for long like the black one. and again, not as smooth as the black one.  maybelline, l'oreal, faces,etc has better collection esp for 'blue' color lovers. ### it is long lasting , water proof  no smudge and very beautiful colour. Beautiful shade and original product. thankyou snapdeal!.
175.0^ The eyeliner has a very easy application and would work well for beginners. So many better liners out there in comparison to this. Contacted customer care but product courier by self was required to be done and pick up facility was not available. Din't have the glossiness bt still it stays long.love the long grip. allows me to draw new strokes.. Long lasting liner , you can go for it. Good pigmentation and stays for a reasonable time as well. The application is very easy and stays for about 6 to 8 hrs for me☺. Love using it,it's very light and very prominent.i would love if the brush applicator would have being a little thinner. This is quite easy to apply & stays on for a long time!. Lovely product so dark eye looks when applied negative thing is it contains less liquid inside. Worst as i took from sale.my eyes are literally burning after applyin.these people are simply fooling customers. I have used this foundation for the first time i must say it is much much better than lakme foundations.its gives me a perfect finish.and a flawless skin if you used this foundation you don't need to use any concealers so must try this.  It's not worth for money.horrible don't buy it smudges. The quantity is not much but it's good for this price and formula. Brush is quite steady. Worst liner i ever seen.full of black water pls dont bye it. The quality is not too good.it seems as if some water has been added to dilute it.the 9 to 5 stay is only in dreams.it does not stay more than 3hours.even it does not have shine much as it does not have great impact. The perfect black suits everyone. It has a nice jet black effect. Nice black , not too matte.
176.0^ Perfect winged eyeliner. The good part of the liner is that it is easy to apply. This is one of the best product by lakme. That long wink or edgy cat eye look is super easy to execute with these liners. The only problem with this is it isnt long lasting. It stays for a really good amount of time and does not irritate the eyes, and it's very easy to make lines and designs because it has a good tip and it is in pen form. It makes the application process so easy and quick. It's pen style makes it easy to apply if you have shakey hands. I jus love it.ilove all lakme products.intense black eyeliner n its easy to use. Beautiful black pigment which just glides on and helps with a perfect cat eye. Perfect to give shape to eyes.superb product and would recommend to all girls. The pigmentation is awesome. The product not at all goodthe liquid in the liner has already dried upi was very much dissapointed after buying it, has never expect a product from lakme to be so much fake. It is good for money price and justifies it accordingly. But worth try. Easy and quick way to apply liner. It has really a precise tip that aids in such a smooth finish. liking it.!. If you are a lover of winged liner, than go with it. its very easy to use even for those who just started using liner for making their eyes beautiful. If i prime my lids properly and set this liner with a black eyeshadow then it doesn't budge. Suitable for every occasion.it is dark black liner having good quality brush which helps to make a perfect wing. The jet black shade is awesome.
177.0^ Good product. Excited to receive this product as i didnt have any previous experiences with this mascara. A disgusting product i dealt wd eva.  Gives you those fluttery long defined lashes in few easy strokes. Time , overall good. Eye lashes looks good after the application, but the product seems quiet dry. Excellent product , original , easy to apply and remove. Its easy to use and effect is satisfying. Must buy product if you like curly eyelashes. It's good and eyes don't feel heavy at all. Pretty lashes. Money waste. I got it for a good price on amazon and if you are pressed for money like i was then, buy it. Deep black.lasts long.worth it needless to say. It has good curling brush.but its not giving good volume to lashes.for this price we expect more.overall review of this product is avrage. It is great quality in this price range. Worst mascara ever.  mouth of the bottle is so wide that when u pull the brush it is totally covered with the thick cream n all u can see is a long stick entirely covered with black cream!. Really nice product..  awesome curl technique. extent lashes. and eyes r look good. and the amazon service too good..
178.0^ It takes some time to get used to the application of this brush, but one you get the hang of it, it's the best eyeliner ever. There are better liners out there but it's an excellent liner for people looking out for a budget friendly everyday use liquid eyeliner. Its a nice liner n super easy to use. n very affordable product for biggeners who are new to eyeliner. must buy it. This is such an amazing eyeliner on such great priceit stays on for really long and does not smudges at all + it is highly pigmented. Very nice product. nd long lasting. Its a good product. using it from years but this time the brush was very rough. so not giving a smooth finish. Applicator is not suitable for begginers. Its very deep black.brush is pretty good but not too slim.easy to apply.best delivery and packaging from amazon. Good easy to use and long lasting. Eyes wide , it will smudge. I love this eye liner, it is just perfect for my eyes. It is pocket friendly, easy to apply, stays for a long time and the pigmentation is also very good. It is very affordable. Ot takes about 3 minutes to dry and once it is done it stays for all day.it is water resistant but it isn't smudge proof.overall worth the price.one must definitely give it a try. Eyeliner is worth the cost but the brush applicator causes the liquid to lump up onto it and can sometimes be hard to get a smooth line. Disappointed with the quality.the quality of brush is very bad.difficulty while applying. You also need to apply 2-3 coats for it to become opaque.personally, i think it's a very good liner at this price.  Totally worst plz dont buy its matte and no waterproof , it is just like a black water. The finish is matte and smooth. Good and jet black.
179.0^ Best mascara, ever used. Product is ok ok. It's not excellent but i can say ok ok type of product. Mascara is good no doubt but soon it gets smug after few hours.  :(.
18.0^  Owner of the business is genuinely concerned abt customer satisfaction n he personally made sure tht i would be getting product sooner.product is awesome no doubt bt i would love to buy more things jst because of owner of cliqkart.com  i appreciate ur efforts amit.. I have been using bobbi brown from a long time when it was not available in india. very happy with the product i received. Easy to use.
180.0^ This is a deep black mascara which gives a nice volumizing effect to your lashes. It does a very good job for a drugstore makeup brand better than maybelline mascara. Product is not fresh.  As usual my all time favorite mascara. Applicator is good. You have to be careful when you apply it because it can clump. Adds volume to your eyes. long lasting. water resistant. perfect curling mascara. Love the quality of this one, perfect for daily use as well as occasionally , gives a stunning eye look. I can pull off spider eyelashes so nicely with this. But worth the quality. The con is that this is not at all waterproof or smudge proof. This is a deep black mascara which gives a nice volumising effect to your lashes. Jet black color.
181.0^ So basically this is a matte (black) eyeliner which is best for daily use. It's the worst liner i have used. In love with this product. Its neither too long nor too short. Sexy lookits long lasting. Perfect liquid eye liner , got delivered on time. Expected a shine as suggested in the product name,bt it gives out a dull finished look right after its application. Its applicator is so sleek and soft that you can actually draw your eyes the way you want. Nice color and easy to apply. It gives perfect look to my eye and also stay longer duration. this is also added into my future wishlist. I am a fan of this eyeliner as it helps me to draw my eyes perfectly in a single stroke. The pigmentation is amazing and is pretty long lasting. Best liner in less money. Such a great product at this price. It is worth the money and has a good pay off. Shades are good but quality of brush can be improved. Product is good but the tip of liner brush is bad.not worth of money. i suggest to go for other brands. Last for 6 to 8 hours n water n smudge proof. The black shade is just awesome. It is easy to apply, gives the perfect pigmented color, dries very quickly and stays all day. A good brush, the quantity is real good, easy application, does not have a shine, gives a matte look, no smudge and long lasting.
182.0^ Good brand good product.
183.0^ The prize of this product is mind-blowing and it's a really nice kajal. Lakme kajal is good. This product stands out perfectly for what it claims. The staying power is good at seven hours straight. Amazing product at an amazing price, its smudge proof, long lasting, good for daily use purpose. Time and because of this kajal i have actually became addicted. But the application is really smooth and glides easily. Texture is good and easy to apply ,it is stay 8hr,no irritation, good product. Very easy to use, and is retractable. Lakme brand value plus so cheap and it doesnt irritate eyes.simply good. Lucky that i dont basically have runny eyes. It has good pigmentation but smudges too easily, good for daily usage though. The price is also affordable!. It smudge a little but if u want thick line of kajal then it is worth a try.  I have had a horrible experience so warning you guys, this product starts to smudge in the maximum time of 30 mins. Smudge proof , instant effect , last. It looks like a pen, and i just love the golden cover on black. The kajal is very dark black does not smudge for 5 to 6 hours works best those who have very watery eyes a big thanks to lakme. It gives an intense finish.
184.0^ It is a nice glossi eyeliner with jet black colour. Perfect liner. I am often bored with products and loves experimenting with eyeliners and kajals.but this product is so good that i cannot stop myself from buying it and have been using it for the last two years. This one has been a life saver and stays fresh at the end of a long day. Craze ) and is long lasting. It lasts for a really long time. The application is smooth, the gel makes it look awesome. It's a good buy also the applicator is awesome. It is very dark and easy to apply. Mess it around it wont blacken you eye. It is the best eyeliner.i m using it since two year.give perfect toch to eyes.jet black and give shinny look too.i loved it.recommended to all.i used this regularly.dries up really very fast..  Perfect app for buying. I have been using lakme product for many years and that's the reason i go for this 'absolute liner' series after applying it doesn't stay for long and removed very easily so it's really not a good option for this price. Its a little expensive but lasts so long that it is worth the price and you get amazing discount on nykaa, definitely worth a try. Brush is very flexible. It's beautiful dark black glossy liner. Its really coooool. gives a shiny black color. smudge proof. brush is really sleek n easy to use. Gives a very smooth black color and stays for very long time. Totally in love with this liner. very smooth.long lasting. with a nice glossy finish.. That help me a lot to draw a perfect shape line on my eye lid and this liner gives me a glossy look.
185.0^ Lakme pencil is a one. Very good and cheap product worth trying. This is the best eyebrow pencil for school /college going students. It provides good slashing eyebrows with darkness & long lasting. I use it daily for a little touchup here and there and it stays put for a really long time. Saves my time nd pain for threading. It is a basic brow pencil and be sure to not rub it in. This pencil gives the best eyebrows look without any fuss, easy to use and it blends very well. Eyebrow pencil is a very important part of any makeup kit. If used light-handedly , gives a very nice fuller look to the eye brows. Forget the complicated eyebrow kits. this really makes your eyebrows look on the fleek. no fuss and classy. long shelf life and something that m sure you mother would have used !. This one should be available in more shades as this shade is jet black and if you don’t have very think eyebrows it looks a little odd on the face. Its an affordable eyebrow pencil. Bit data ok for price dey charge. The eyebrow pencil has enough shelf life so way worth than the price one pays for it. Though it is not waterproof but it does not smudge early. I love to use it because of quality and the price is reasonable. Doesnt smudge. It is a great affordable black eye brow pencil.its highly pigmentation.it can be sharpened.its great for daily use. It's not too intense and just adds right amount of color to your brows. You just have to use it softly and gently for natural look and you are good to go.i love this product.
187.0^ Plus d flipkart deliveray as always was great. Maybelline has the best. I've been impressed with the prompt delivery and even more with the product. Does not smudge even after a long day. Cons: not long lasting it will stay only upto 3-4 hrs. 1) a good, reliable brand, so you that u arnt putting any sub standard thing on your face 2) has a staying power of more than 6 hrs. The eye pencil is smooth and easy to glide without tugging. Smooth in forest green the application is extremely smooth and it just glides on. Nice colour & very smooth!. Highly pigmented, smooth application as promised so does the least dragging on the eye-lid thus not causing premature lines or damaging the skin. Smooth in forest green the application is extremely smooth and it just glides on your eyes. I love the colour, it perfectly goes with my skin tone!. Lovely 4 ) ill be buying. Totally worth the price. It is smooth to apply which is te only redeeming feature. all in all not a good purchase.  Tip is soft. Pretty olive color with a tad shimmer. Colour looks lovely. Texture is nice but it's too lighter shade for my skin tone.overall a good product.
188.0^ Surely purchase more colours of kohl from flipkart. Kajal does not come in the cardboard packaging , which feels strange. This product has a good glowing colour but it smudges a lot.two wipes and thats it,the colour is fully gone.the product appears to be original and i can identify the depressions at both ends,the batch number which can be felt by running the fingers at the bottom of the pencil and the bold letters.but it smudges which triggered the thought that it must be fake but it seems not.  It glides smoothly, absolutely smudge proof, long lasting to the extent that it stayed a whole day without reapplication. I have been using maybelline colossal for past 2 years but this is the first time that the product broke while using. Girls u r gonna feel awsum after applying this kajal. Awesome kajal.smudge proof. easy to apply. Gives a satiny finish glides smoothly. The product is very nice. the delivery was fast. the product is very good. enhances the look of my eyes. always happy with maybelline. My skin smoothest. Nicely pigmented. Loved it, totally worth the money. Simply loved it.will surely purchase more colours of kohl from flipkart. Shade is awesome.n worth also.must try for every girl.and in budget too.also long lasting. The product quality and colour is really good. It is really cool colour and looks really good if applied with a black kohl.doesnt smudge.love it. Juz a stroke and the whole look will be changed awesome color texture and no smudge loved it and totally satisfied with the product. Colour is okay not brilliant-the neat lines smudge after sometime giving a somewhat smoky look -expected a better product at this price. Color is dark greenish and shiny too!!.
189.0^ This eyeliner is super easy to apply and stays for long hours. It gives a deep intense dark shade of liner and is the best product to apply winged liner. The product is very good. This eyeliner's nib is long,. So easy to apply as long lasting.loves it. This is a saviour for people, who have less time and not much expertise and succeed in liners. The application can almost last for around 10 hours. However it is easy to apply and lasts a few hours.impossible to apply on the lower eyelid. Easy to use and fairly long lasting. Super fine pointer to make our eye look perfect. I have been using colossal kajal and liners for couple of years and i love using them.this liner particularly works best for the winged or thin lining over the eyes in just one stroke. Perfect tip for easy application and smudge free formula with jet black pigmentation. Thank you nykaa for such great price. Perfect for beginners.a little bit expensive but definitely worth it !. The product is nice easy to use and perfect consistency when applies dries up quick worth buying. This one is awesome liner,value for money with super result. A good eyeliner pen with a good tip easy for application. It has a very shapr tip and it's perfect to get a nice winged line. The colossal black liner is very easy to use and flawlessly make the eyeline !. The color is a deep black and even looks equally good on wheatish skin tones. This jet black eyeliner is one of the best eyeliners available in the market.
19.0^ The product was in gud condition jst strd using cnt say abt likes & dislikes hope it will live upto its brand.  Its super black and very easy to apply. must buy product. Easy to apply and absolutely worth the money.thanks nyka for the app.making my life easier as a mom. The stick glides easily not on my lower eyelid but also on the upper eyelid. I got it on sale on nykaa.super liner , highly pigmented.does not smudge even after 12 hours. Doesnt smudge at all. Neat finish. It's super black.
190.0^ I recommend evey girls to use this eyeliner. The liner dries on the brush and becomes hard, so it dries out  the further application. Product , it generally solidifies leaving behind cracks. This product is a must buy.it's superb. stays on the eyes for long n comes off only wit a remover. This is the best liner ever -- so long lasting and not too shiny. The only reason i chose nykaa is for the genuine products, but this time completely disappointed. Its a perfect kohl, easy to apply, smudge proof and makes my eyes look prettier. I must say this maybelline kajal is very smooth and easy to use. This one is really good gel liner in drugstore the only con gel liners is that they dries up very easily. Very very black.just perfect for the most dramatic cat eye look. It is also the best hypo sensitive liner for very sensitive and irritated eyes. Great combo and give you perfect eye wing and have high pigmentation. Not at all gel infact its solid , not easy to use , total waste of money. It is smudge proof and totally worth the price!. Really amazing.worth it. The brush is so soft and this eyeliner glides so easily. I used this eyeliner and m so happy to use this eyeliner perfect and long lasting and my wimged liner isn't a task anymore. I wanted something that was waterproof and smudge proof. It's just average black. Glides onto eyes and its gel finish is superb. Super blendable , super jet black.
191.0^ The liner is quick dry n it is the most important thing,you can use this as ur under eye liner or even the normal eyeliner above the eyes or my fav use it in the center space of the eye the shine is grt n you end up looking got damm beautiful. Liner brush is thin and color is strong. Y hv given a loose product!!!!!!. Its water proof and long lastinggirl's go for it. It has glossy effect is true bt it is not a long lasting eye liner.if u rub ur eyes even vry lightly it removes.not like it. All time favorite. The application is so smooth but this liner smudge so easily nd not water resistant.will not gonna buy this again.its better to use color kajal not this eyeliner. Super glossy,easy to apply,smudgeproof,value for money. It's glossy, and easy to use. Not at all good , difficult to apply , it looks like just applied on eye. I love it.nice applying brush and liitle glossy gives u beautiful eyes.buy it nice product. U get a good pigmentation in just one swipe.but it's way to glossy!. Money , lakme liquid linear is far much better and cheaper. Even though the quantity is less for the price, the product is very good. By far this is one of my favorite.its worth the buy.love it. Glossy.but the brush is soft.not a good stroke. Brush is thin and allows to place liner uniformly ans sharp edges. It is smudge proof but not waterproof as it leaves no trail after i washed my face once.packaging is nice and it dries very quickly after applying.it's not glossy and gives a matte finish.only one con is that it dries out very quickly after applying, so to re apply you need to take another stroke of it. Best product excellent beautiful color. With such a price range it offers dark shine black glossy colour and plus it doesnt smudge. gives perfect look :). So from some angles it comes as yellow to, and ofcourse as the name says, it's glossy and shiny.
192.0^ Good product and delivery time is good. Awsome price.n d kajal is also vry good.luv it. Good and amazing product. Dark black it stays too long even after washing face it stays. Very good product and long lasting. Faith in flipkart one kajal at a time. Luv it vry much i can use it anytime nd it's vry easy to apply thnkuu flipkart. It's easy to use. Wear off even on plain washing , is smudge. Really good deep dark kajal last long versatile styles for the eye but stains the eye after removal if used regular ly can increase dark circles. This kajal is so smooth that it gives dark color to eyes bt it vanishes in minutes frm my eyes.this is so smooth that its point breaked. Its just too good. i use daily. doesn't smudge. everyothr kajal i tried did. because of my oily skin. but this was a great choice. the right thickness. the right darkness. its just what i wanted. i am sure it does well with all of skin types. Worth for money. This is also a good one and smudge free at such less price !. D perfect black.its original.n d offer makes it worth investing in.d nail polish has got one of d most "in "colours. Very bad duplicate quality. Nice kajal i have ever used. bought it after reading reviews on flipkart. really smudge free. long lasting. i will definitely recommend it to every woman. nice to have it in your pocket. eyes looks beautiful after applying it. :). The most important reason why we buy maybelline colossal kajal is because it's smudge proof!. Not convinced with the colour , it is not that black. Color is not as dark as colossal ) is much better. Good , it gives a very dark colour.
193.0^ Expiry in 07/2017.worst plastic eyeliner. The time i got this product i tried using it but i didn't like it much reason being it has very minimal product inside the bottle and you have to shake that little bottle of liner number of times just to have it stick on the wand. Please dont sell the product untill and unless you are very much sure that it is good to go.  But one thing which is not good about this is that with time it get too dry and starts losing out. Has a flaky application and fades away in an hour or so.it does not have a particular matte finish. The brush applicator is nice for a thin eyeliner. Long lasting, easy to apply. It helps to create awesome eye look n look like just awesome. Eyes , especially for those who love. But i'm quite happy with the pigmentation and the size of the brush. Not worth of money. It is a great buy at the given price. However, this eyeliner has been a bit of a disappointment because:1) it does not dry matte unlike the description2) the brush is flimsy and difficult to work with. Not that good , the liner. Quantity low, quality pathetic. The liner feels very watery and is run down version of black.not even remotely close to black. It is jet black, dries quickly and is totally smudge-proof. It is not matte dis is shit.i wasted  my money on dis and you ppl are giving 5 stars.u guys doing nothing but befouling us.
194.0^ It gives the funk look and best used at the night time.as the eye shadow is radiant and makes the eyes look bigger and brighter. Really affordable eyeshadow with so many colours. love it. A cute product with lots of purposes. I was looking for a subtle golden eyeshadow palette for long and then one day found maybelline new york color sensational diamonds eye shadow on nykaa. It's shimmery and it's long lasting but you need to apply many layers for it to be visible. This is one stop eyeshadow solution when you are running out of time. just stick to the guide behind the box. It's a nice one though but i expected a good applicator than the one with this, other than that this quad has best shades among other available in my view. I applied it with the brush dampened a little to make it easy to apply. You can refer to the diagram given at the back side as how to apply or play with your imagination.it's pretty compact so very easy to carry anywhere. Matches my dark eye lids perfectly. The palette contains 1 matte shade and 4 shimmer shades. golden and skin color shimmer shades are well pigmented and provide a good color for indian skin tones. 1 black matte shade can be used for creating smokey eyes perfectly. affordable and handy product. - bad pigmentation- heavy fallout- the highlight shade doesn't show at all- very hard to blend some colors. Very pigmented, last all day long and worth the money we spend!. The blending of the colours is very good for the price. It was worth because i was expecting for a long time for this product to be in stock. Lives up to my expectations, i'm a eye shadow buff, love the colours maybelline has to offer, has a nice applicator, doesn't smudge or bleed, doesn't require second touch ups either. Very less pigmentation, very small size ,not blendable brush is also not good and made in china i will never recommended it to anyone i m disappointed still if you use this with a damp brush it will work. The shades are fine but the quality sucks. Ive blue and gold color. Colour combination is great. can be used with most of the outfits,. Juz loved the shade.
195.0^ Works as blush and highlighter other than eyeshadow. This is a good palette for beginner makeup. I'm really very satisfied by this product. This palette is versatile in the day to night transition. Love it.so pretty.. suitable for day as wl as night use. They can be worn both during day time or at a night party. Pros:-great for day time makeup-pigmented shades(except a few that are chalky and cant be used at all) -minimal to no fallout-budget buy for beginners-travel safecons:-have to apply many times to build the colour-applicator is useless. Easy to use.gilter shine.make eyes look beautyful. Most of the shades are great for everyday and formal wear. The texture is smooth but make sure your eye lids aren't oily or make sure you use a primer before you apply the shimmery shades. The colours stay all day and give your eyes a fresh look. Pigmentation is really good and the brush flows smoothly on eye lids by giving it velvety touch effect, which looks natural. This palette has its pros and cons in a 60-40 ratio.pros:-wide range of colours for day and night.- it is quite affordable.- the dark shades are quite pigmented.- it lasts for a good 4-5 hrs.- ans is quite blendable.cons- shimmery shades have a lot of fallout.- light matte shades apply chalky.- it has a no mirror effect.- the applicator doesn't work well at all.- most shades are cool toned so it can appear well on dull on warm toned skin.draw your own conclusions but overall, i think it's a good palette for beginners!. It's nice for the price. If you want your eyes to have a copper , cleopatra look you should definitely try this out its worth the pay. Shimmer and satin shadeshas a synthetic brush. Lovely shades with amazing pigmented quality. It's also well pigmented and a side eye brush is another plus point. However, a couple of colours are not pigmented enough, so that's disappointing. Few of the matte colors are quite low on pigmentation & application. The nude tones are simply amazing.
196.0^  This is one of the best kajal i've ever used.totally worth the money. Very worst product cheating. Worth the money, glides smoothly and stays dark for long. The kajal is dark black smudge proof and long lasting. It is very smooth to apply, and stays on for a long time. Smooth and quick application. One stroke of it is enough. This is my fav eye product.and it's really long lasting. Every girl who loves ur eyes must buy. I ordered this kajal from nykaa last week and yes it works wonders. it’s super pigmented and gives a bolder look in one stroke. totally in love with this one! will surely repurchase this kajal. It's jet black and smudge proof and worth spending your money. Price , this is the best one. This kajal is my best ever buy. it stays for the whole day and doesn't smudge at all.  worth every rupee. Irresistible offers , focus on quality. I'm  a kajal lover person even i wear it at gym. after gymming also it didn't smudge. best buy from maybelline. This kajal stays on my  waterline for really long, is totally smudge proof , the colour is dark black and has a really good texture. Very black very pigmented great for the pricedoes not smudge easily. This super black kajal is amazing better than the previous colossal kajal.
197.0^ The waterproof mascara lasts so long until you remove it and gives such stunning eyelashes. Maybelline mascaras are the best. Do not comapare this to high end products cuz c'mon look at the price.now, this product is really nice.the formula is nice aand the brush helps uplifting the eyelashes and giving a fuller look but the formula may also dry out soon so take care of that. Nice product, water resistant, for long curly eyes. Its really long lasting and also curls the lashes very nicely n also maintains it all day. u need not to wear false lashes if u use this. also its highly smudge proof. highly recommend it for working girls. Time use maybelline mascara nd this is amazing. Just amazing , one application. Great mascara, easy to apply and makes lashes look long. Packaging and get up o the product is very good.easy to use.thanks amazon for the gr8 deal. This is good for people who do not want thick eyelashes. It did not irritate my eyes nor melt. It is light weight and curls the lashes and opens up the eye. Maybelline has a great range and it is affordable too. A good waterproof mascara at dis price. Definitely worth it's money. The curler brush is really helpful in curling the lashes. You can see the difference, gives volume to your lashes. Most of water proof mascaras are tough to remove as they harm our eye lashes while removing. Black and thick , this product is good. The color is deep black although there is not as much curl as it promises. It's not too thick and easy to apply and give long eyelashes.thanks nykaa.
198.0^ It is a great mascara and gives volume and length. Maybelline volum express mascara is a breakthrough. Product was delivered on timemascara is amazing. The brush is long and easy to handle. Long lasting mascara. Stays on for 2 days if you dont remove it coconut oil works.  It increases the volume of eyelashes and also very lite and easy to apply. To remove it , stays on for 2 days if you dont remove it coconut oil works. It doesn't clutter in eyes and neither layer it on eyelashes making your eyes clumsy. It gives my eyes a more bolder and open-wide look. Lashes making me feel oh so beautiful. Super affordable as well. Worth the buy for the price. I absolutely love the texture of the masscara.it gave volume to my lashes.absolutely waterproof.worth the money.a must have product. It actually gives volume to my thin lashes. Waterproof, smudge proof, sweat proof. And because its water proof it takes long time to wash it off your eyes, it gets sticky if your lashes come in contact with water. It gives that perfect eyelashes with one stroke and is pocket friendly too. My lashes look long with my eyes bright. Doesnt have a strong chemical smell.
199.0^ If you're looking for a good mascara i'd recommend some other mascara. Big fan of maybelline. This product is really good. Just one coat of this mascara gives long and thick looking lashes. I think i already reviewed this once before and commented on it's amazing quality, but this review is especially to commend how long lasting this mascara is. This product has great pigmentation and lasts for all the time till u wash it. I got the waterproof one once i wash off it doesn't come off with just water but by rubbing the lashes it forms a streak on the application it nice to use. Darkens even more with every successive coat. It's easy to apply and gives a very nice dramatic effect. Eyelashes , this is the best. It is amazingly good product of maybelline, it gives a glamors look to your eyes. Yes it gives illusion of false lashes. Maybelline products are just awesome and affordable too. Price , its the best. It is worth the price and is very useful my first product and i will sure buy it again. Didnt like the brush. It really gives volume to my almost non-existing lashes!. Really good value for money given that it delivers on all counts: volume, lengthening, curling and is seriously water proof. Holds up the curl really well and doesn't smudge as it is waterproof. It gives such a voluminous effect and your lashes look great.
2.0^ Its so good and flipkart service as well specifications of the product is totally true and a must buy product loved it to the fullest. I think its ths d best waterproof kajal i hv evr used. reasonable price n long lasting. i recommend it to wvry1 whus looking fr the perfect waterproof kajal. Very cheap product not good cheee.  The kajal is toooo gud, vry smooth to apply n it stays fr long, i used to use maybelline gel kajal but this kajal is equally gud.this product is available only on snapdeal, thank u snapdeal fr great service, keep up the gud work. Ptoduct is good n very reasonable price also long lasting. Good product and easy to use. 1st of all the i was not satisfied by packing of product.the brush inside box was broken,coming to quality of product it was quite good than i expected.the gel liner was jet black n i just love when i applied it but it needs some time to get dry which may be problem to others who need gel liner to dry quickly.overall it was an affordable product but packing was not satisfactory. I m a fan of this brand.its cake eye liners are superb now its kajal.its d  best kajal available in market at this price better than maybelline and lakmi.just go for it without a 2nd thought. I think its must have product for every girl.2 in 1 product.kalal is not that great but gel liner is best.the brush given is really amazing.but only problem is it smudges from my inner corner of eyes.except my inner eye area in stays long without smudging or fading.i have used 7 heaven kajal  same thing.overall i think a black shadow can deal it.so juat try it.i m sure u will fall in love with it. Smudges very easily in half an hour money. D best kajal available in market at this price. It's worth. 7 heavens has never disappointed me. This kajal doesn't smudge. Nice smooth application.long lasting jet black effect.waterproof and smudge free.worth buying.value for money. Very nice dark color. Super black.
20.0^ Product quality is best moreover price is also very affordable on snap deal as compared to other sights.thanks snap deal. Very nice product.  Very nice product , delivered on time. Nice colours.easy to apply.but its not smudge free.so ltl dissapointed abt dat. Excellent and just glides. Would strongly recommend refrain from buying this!. Value buying item.nice combo. Good color. I loved the colour but the kajal wipes of with fingers easily.
200.0^ Best drugstore mascara. The packaging is really cute and eye-catching. Its an amazing product!!!!. It's water proof and lasts almost the entire day. I was shocked out how thick and long these made my lashes look. Water proof and long lasting.. It has the capability of giving those doll like eyelashes.apply two coats of it and ur eyelashes are beautiful.  This product is waterproof and smudge proof for hours and the only bad thing is even with makeup remover it doesn't come off. Love love love !the packaging is so cute and girly.as per the content,i love the applicator.does wonders to my short eyelashes which usually refuses to curl. affordable and definitely gonna purchase again. Gives your eyes a good curl without using an eyelash curler. But this one is difficult to get off ur lashes when you remove. I like the product.it adds volume to the eye lashes.the price is also affordable.but not sure whether i will purchase it again. I bought this mascara from nykaa recently & would love to purchase it again. This mascara is worth a try. And its waterproof (see the details) and its brush is wide enogh to apply all over lashes in 1 coat only its quality is soo good!!. Is totally smudge proof and water proof. It is highly pigmented which makes the lashes look perfectly black with just two coats. Gives really long eyelashes.gives volume too.if applied near the lids it gives a black coating on the edge of the eyes which look flawless.according to me all maybelline mascaras are same but this one is better than the others.it is a mascara which can be everybody's basic need.
201.0^ Worst service from flipkart.
202.0^ Nice product.
203.0^ Thanks maybelline. (lady raga ) and i must share it with you about my experience.it is the worst product i have come across so far as it was watery and tried to apply quotes then after applying on my eyelid dried n looked horrible n felt worse it came off as a sticker very bad for eyes and not good quality oroducy.my advise to maybelline is to kindly discontinue with this product as soon as possible as people being fooledwith the idea of getting so many shades without getting the results.thanks,rgds.  I was searching for a glossy eyeliner which stays from a long time and here my search ends!thanks maybelline and thanks amazon!.
204.0^ Worst eyeliner. Best fine liner specially for winged look !. The product is okay. What's the quality and long lasting liner!!. It is the most easiest to use & applies very smoothly.dries super quick and stays on all work day. :). Its wonderful and its gonna be my all time favourite here after. in one word its just amazing i love it a lot. girls pls go for it those who take more care of eyes will definitely won't miss it and iam sure it rocks. Im loving it.water proof smudge proof n super easy to apply on eyes. This eyeliner is perfect and absolutely easy to use. Buying it for the 3rd tym.very nice for the people like me who cannot apply liquid liner.gives perfect look of liquid liner and very easy to apply. I remember having issues fixing the eyeliner on one side of my eye when it looked different than the other, this is a real helpful product.con would be that it gets smudged very easily plus it doesnt stay on for a long time. It is a sketch pen like fibre tip liner with a very fine thin tip with which you can draw a very thin line on your eyes. A great liner with good pigmentation and hyper sharp lines. I rely love the liner its easy to use but i thought it will  not stay long time but it just fades away after 2 hrs {water proof, sweat resisitant, sebum resistant } non of these are true.it is washable i think its not worth of money  and the only best thing is easy to use. And at a best price as well. And worth the money. It's not waterproof or smudge proof and doesn't stay for  longer than 30 minutes ( specially in such weather when you sweat a lot -tried and tested). Kudos to amazon!by the name it goes, the tip is her sharp. Nice but light colour. not proper black. Beautiful black color4. Not jet black  but fine color to darken eyelids makin it natural.
205.0^ This is an awesome coloured kajal from maybelline. Eye shadow for a natural. Unhappy with the product. Doesnt go.  Good staying power but it irritated my eyes a bit when used on waterline. Color payoff is not good n it looks creepy on fair skin. Talking about the colour i really didn't like it cause of its shiny pigments.if i have choose a colour it must be light on the eyes whicheans nude plain colour which is creamy and smudge proof. Product delivered promptly, amazon rocks.the pencil is shiny beige color with shimmer. Over all the colour is good as i use it as an eye shadow or line the outer lash line.
206.0^  Tip is not as described sharp after few uses  tip bulged and not a smudeproof or waterproof.i m not gonna buy again feel that eyeconic and colossal are best rather than this maybelline oynx with a high cost. Best rather than this maybelline..very expensive.not worth of such an expensive amount.
207.0^ Must buy and on best price from amazon. Its a really great product!!.  Its staying power is good. Requires considerable effort and time for darkening/shaping brows. Smooth and easy to use and gets the work done in under 2 minutes. Total waste of rs 225.just buy a regular cheap eyebrow pencil. The powder part is the best. It makes the eyebrow look natural but do not apply too much. Fairly smudge proof ( it doesnt come off when you accidentally / gently rub your face. Awesome product.wowww. really decent nd lovely pigmentation.i love it.don't hesitate to add in ur makeup box.i'm very happy wid dis product.and overall maybelline products does it's job well.i love maybelline products.go fr it. Its affordable and does the job well. Yes it seems to me quite expensive but when it comes to brand just ignore the price because brands always give good results. But the amount of pencil is soo less for the price and the pencil is retractable fairly blunt so difficult to copy hair strokes. The combination of pencil and brush makes for a perfectly polished look. Good quality product also reasonable price. Product quality too good. Nice brown pencil and powder eyebrow pencil.read in some blog that black eyebrows with gaps are better filled with brown eyebrow pencil than black one. Brown kajal pencil might do a better. Brow duo in grey shade it looks very artificial on brows.brown shade looks better.
22.0^ Flipkart , am not satisfied.  Nice color combinations of shadow that we can apply. Cheapest and good product.mirror size also enough so that we can do eye makeup easily.nice color combinations of shadow that  we can apply while going office as well as for party also. Two sets of eye shadow for the price is really good.but colours are same. Truth to what is shown in the picture and worth buyin it. Its good quality but less quantity. Product is having very bad quality ,totally different from the pic and quite small in size.color quality is soo bad having no shines.
23.0^ Kajal is too good.
24.0^ I absolutely lov this liner it's inexpensive and just so so perfect for beginners like me i could make a wing so easily with this felt tip liner and it's pretty easy to use too stays for almost 6 hours  without smudging but is not waterproof but if u r a beginner thn just go for it you'll master eyeliner in just a few days with this. Good product. Such a pathetic product. its going to be very sticky after getting dry n because that eyelashes also gets hurt.  Good for use and long lasting. Doesn't smudge.waterproof and easy to apply. It's easy to use. Eyeliner today , and its amazing , it doesnt smudge and works great for. Stays almost 8 hours perfectly on my eyelids. Its just rs152 on flipkart my money is waste but liner is good. Otherwise good for the price. Guys pls don't buy this product, it's not worth of buying, whole day stuck to manage liner. Easy to use pointed tip. The felt tip works beautifully and provides a really standout black shade. Black colour. Faaar better than my maybeline colosal skech pen eye liner nd maybelline hypersharp eye pencil liner. price also quite undr my pocket area.awsmmm blackest clr.lyk jet black. not waterproof ( though this point isnt.a con fr me):-d easy to use pointed tip within 5 sec its gonna b set.
25.0^ Good product. Really awesome. no sumugge no difficulty to use and perfect product i love it and i will  suggest to use for everyone.
26.0^ Thanks flipkart. Good product. Moreover, the service is also too fast you get the product asap sometimes the very next day itself. Really nice and long lasting. The staying power is awesome. Didnt have enough time.  This pallet was so nice , this product was very soft it is easy to apply without any two-way gel it's very useful to me to make a different types of eye makeup so i love this product. Not deeply pigmented but if you couple it with a eyes base or eye primer it still pops out good. Very very good pigmentation. If you are looking for a product with decent price and money worth, you can go for this. Best in this price. It is really more than worth. Please dont take this product it is waste of money i purchased it that it was large one but it is almost just arount 15 cm and the colours do not blend properly at all and the brush they have provided is waste over all its not worth. Superb quality. This is totally smudge proof, but not at all waterproof. This kit has 98 beautiful colors. Very pigmented n a beautiful colour.
27.0^ Great condition. Hateful product i dont accepted for u flipkart.. sameness. Overall, m happy with the product.  Too good delivery on time. My eyes became so gorgeous. Super pigmented. Good product within budget thanks.
28.0^ Just go for it. Love this product. Aswmm product.m vry happy with this product.get it girls without thinking so much.  Perfect very smooth. A must have indeed that to a so affordable price. Good product. good deal. but i did not get the yellow color as shown in the picture. but got an extra grey color. but the cap was not there for the extra color :(. bit disappointed with the packing as the cap was missing. Awesome combination of color and quality. Awesome combination of color.
29.0^ Supplier cheeted me they sent me different product instead i ordered not only one time actually 2 time. i place the order for heart stamp liner and they sent me star stamp liner.
3.0^ Wow.nice product nd surprise. I wanna give that for this worst product.  Lasts very long.it's smudge proof water proof and everything proof.bought it at very cheap rate.would recommend this to everyone. Awesum..this eye kajal is long lasting and cheap. This eye gel is so hard that we cannot apply in any manner.and the powder is of no use at all. Very dark. n waterproof. stays fo a longer time. easy to apply. I cannot believe such a beautiful gel liner is available at these prices. Eye powder to darken my eyebrows , and they look amazing and. The brushes provided are really good to draw eyes as well as the brow. Very bad product.waste of money and it is bad for eyes too. As the price is it is good one. Good and reasonable price, value for money and worth. It is a good liner. All black was delivered but quality is good. The product is really good and its smudge proof.. Not so good it just black. Jet black , long lasting and matte as hell.
30.0^ I love chambor as a cosmetic brand. Mascara coat , and still want to give an impression. I got a faulty product at lifestyle store. It looks superb if you have brown/hazel eyes.its waterproof,transfer proof and smudge proof.last about 10 hours even in summer and hot weather!. Love this smudgeproof eyeliner as it goes on so smooth and lasts throughout a 12 hours daily work without having to wipe out the smudge which is often the case with other eyeliners. It stays on for longer. It's a great eye pencil and can be used for everyday wear. Doesn't spread in humid conditions, is dark and glides easily. Get removed only when umyou wash your fave with a face wash or use a make up remover. It looks so natural and is extremely safe for the eyes. But when i want no one to know that mascara coat, and still want to give an impression of long thick lashes, in corporate formalwear, this one is has earned my love back after i hated it for a while. Very good product excellent pigmentation jet black matte finish lovvvv it.awesome packing n delivery by flipkart tk u.steal for the price.  Worth for money. It's smudge proof and totally worth the price it has. Best mascara i have ever seen yet,  smooth brush and smudge free. Doesnt smudge. Its peacock greenish color very unique coz i could not find the same shade in any other top brands.its waterproof, smudge proof lasts about 10-12 hrs.blend it with little blue/purple liner and you are ready to rock any indian party/wedding function!. Retractable pencil and isnt black. Chambor dazzle eyeliner pencil in this particular blue is an amazing eyepencil for a perfect night function or dinner date!.
31.0^ Am happy with. Unless i am hallucinating, i am pretty sure this mascara has resulted in longer eyelashes in the past month that i am using it.
32.0^ Flipkart processed the refund. I will love to order again. The quality of the casing and the product left no doubts that it was a fake one. Flipkart processed the refund in day though. Its best deal i found online of clinique.  Quality is excellent, it is original, not fake.
33.0^ My eyes got a great new look with volumizin mascara..its just a lil sticky but i still love it..next tym i ll go color.. Volumizing - yes, lengthening - if your lashes are already long, you may not notice any "lengthening".for the price, i think it's a great product.  24 hours and isnt that hard. I don't have lot of lashes nor my lashes r long. it not only clumps but also sticks my lashes. Stays on for 24 hours and isnt that hard. Causing eye allergy too. Its all grainy n easily smudges n males ur eyes area black. It's very clumsy and making lashes very artificial. Fake product not @ expected this.plz cancel the membership of dealer.bakwasssss product regrating for buying it is not at all long lasting fades away smudges out just hate it. Price , i think its a great. The genius brush is not so "genius". This liner was adulterated with water. Quality is not good. Its v dark, jet black , stays for whole day.
34.0^  When i received eye shadow that time i am not much confident about quality but after use eye shadow it work nice on skin & long lasting also. Thank you for like this eye shadow palette.
35.0^ This kajal is the best. The eyeliner is so good it perfectly glides for winged liner. This product is easy to use and give a perfect lining to the eye. Faster , long lasting. This product was recommended by a friend and i am using this product for a long time. It's a very good eyeliner and it's smudge free,pure black color,waterproof.and this site always delivers me on time and original product with great discount.just love this application. Unprofessional can apply this professionally with ease. Pacakge is good and cute !easy to apply!onky disadvantage is it doesn't stay long !. It is easy to use. It gives a great smoky eye look.  It is an amazing product ,it makes eyes lashes more gorgeous and applicator is too nice. Its a very good product, one of the best kajal, beats all other brands, but the only flaw is, one has to be careful while sharpening, i personally recommend u too refrigerate it before sharpening sounds funny but it works, this product is li'l expensive if u r on tight budget. Absolutely worth the money. But important thing is at this price it offers a smooth looking dense lashes. Bonus is you can wear it on your waterline as well , and as liner. Its superb- its intense black, doesn’t smudge, nice packaging, smooth and soft, glides easily, stays for a long period, water resistant and water proof, decently priced and i got it for 350 bucks. I loved the color.nd it's smudge proof too. Color range and the variety. Best for matte lovers, jet black, super affordable and easy to apply!what else, its dreamy. I bought the golden glam shade, it has shimmer in it which did tear up and irritate my eye for the first few hours after application!.
36.0^ This eyeliner is the best for college use!. Recommend everyone to use this liner. It has a dark black finish, a good grip and proves to be an amazing product!. The product does not dry very soon and leaves a smudge even after it has been long worn during the day.does also not get cleaned off effectively too. Smooth application easy to use and very long lasting. But if it arrives damaged next time as well i will surely return it. The wand has a lot of grip which helps in great application, not to forget, it's smudge proof. It's easy to apply i applied it with the real technique blending brush. Its very easy to use to create some really gorgeous party looks, specially for ppl who find difficult working with powder/pressed eyeshadows. This is good good to go eye pencil for people who have less time to get ready.this give eye a beautiful effect in atter of seconds.this is doest smudge. How ever it takes a few seconds to sock down but eyes looks awesome when applied. It's really smooth and the pigmentation is also great. Its affordable palltete which can be used for daily use and one of the shades is good for contouring too !. Price is pocket friendly and feels just so great. It is worth the price as well. Also the brush provided isnt up to the mark. The liner is so easy to use with good tip. The packaging is different from what is shown here.colour is beautiful, it dries matte and doesnt smudge that easily. It's very dull green color. Its a beautiful brownish green colour with just the right amount of shimmer that would look good on tanned skin tones. I recently bought this shade thinking this will look good on me and yes it does.
37.0^  Pencils are too fragile to be used  they break mid way while applying.the colours are though good but not the quality.
38.0^ Not soo good it drys quickly and not water proofrecommended lakme or eytex waterproof eyeliner shows best result than this. Good product. Dark black, smudge free, nice product.  Excellent easy  to use and long lasting. But with time, it became a little dry hence requiring application of 2 to 3 layers for a proper finish. Super.easy to apply.quickly dry.very good packing.but too much traveling cost. Easy to use. Doesnt smudge. Dark black.
39.0^ U have to apply the kajal so many times to get a minimal look plus u are scared that it may break off again. Product is damaged. What the seller must have done is fill up old, dry bottles in his stock and sell thru flipcart. It is jst awsum. lasts long. waterproof. vry gud. a perfct piece for eyes. So it lasts really long. Its matt finish helps in no smudge and its very easy to apply.its dry base so not sticky at all.its good for regular use.gives complete finish to the eyes.  It can be gently peeled off to remove. Pathetic product waste of money. It does breaks off easily but the non smudge factor makes it worth. Its perfect brand n quality. No hold, no shine.
4.0^ Mascara is all dried up , we can buy a decent.  I don't know much about mascaras but i'm pretty sure this is not how it should be :/mascara is all dried up, we can buy a decent one in that price.bottoms up, no mascara inside :(.
40.0^ Overall i like this product. ?. Very bad product. Waw it's very nice.they delived before time ?gooood job paysa wasoooool?. Easy one stroke application of the color and it stayed in place all day.  Clumpy and the application brush is bad. It is great to apply. Very nice and give a very good shape and color to the eyes. Feels good on lashes and curls them. Liner is good and colour is good.and nice looking bottle of liner and rate is also nice.i like it this colour. However they sent me the wrong color; a grey instead of a blue. Product is genuine and organic.and colour is black is good.seller is nice.and product packing  is good. When i read other buyer"s review, i liked it and order the product, the color is dark black i like it, the brush is  nice and  can be manoeuvred  quite easily , but  it is not smudge proof or waterproof , so, i am regretting  buying this product,  as i have to buy another one.
41.0^ This eyeliner has the finish of a gel and the convenience of a liner. Kajal is too smooth. Sophisticated packaging of the product.  It is very long lasting and is smudge proof as well. It is a little bit on the pricey end but is totally worth it, as it last a long time. Easy to use. Good too , and the eyeliner glides on. The packaging was good too, and the eyeliner glides on pretty smoothly. Eye linermulti functional : 2 in 1 kajal & eyelinermulti benefits. Otherwise,its good for everyday natural eyelid makeup. It does not irritate eyes. Pigmented and blends easily as well, good for beginners as it is pocket friendly. Shelf life: 24 monthsprice: rs.675 but its worth the price. The product is of an amazing quality. Lovely chocolate brown. It's super matt and not at all chalky.the color is pretty light and less pigmented but u can build it.stays for few hours. It is a beautiful browny colour with pink undertones.
42.0^ Nice dark kajal. one stroke it gives a nice dark. but it smudge it in a hour. Awful.eyes hurt so badly.inferior quality product.waste of money. Very very nice. Lasts really long with a smooth glide. Doesnt smudge much , long lasting. I have ordered it twice from amazon but this time the product quality is not good. It highlights your eyes.extra smoothconsdoesn't last longer than 5 hoursps sharp it very carefully. Sharpening the eyeliner does not works. Very nice product.very smooth n yes super black.dont smudge. Just one stoke is needed to get a perfect look on the eye line.totally statisfied by this product and suggest this for everyone. The first day i used it's burning my eyes.water flowing simply from my eyes after i apply this kajal. The pigmentation is really good. Totally worth the money. Worth for the price. Definitely worth the money. Good product..doesnot smudge.very dark..bt finished early.u have to sharoen thr pencil aftr using 3 days cintinuously. Good. and smudge free and nice black , can be applied easily at one stroke. This is transfer proof, smudge proof and also tear proof xd. It has small black particals that get inside the eyes n hurt. Super soft, glides easily, jet black, dries immidiatley after applying, stays the whole day, doest smudge at all, we good quality and made in germany, shelf life of 24 months , and abundant product at a price of 335, almost the perfect kajal, go for it without a thought, only con is its not twist up. It's super soft and super black.
43.0^ Okay maybelline gel liner. Nice product. Extremely poor product. I better stick to my mary kay. Otherwise it is really good, given the fact i usually get irritation with more eyeliners, but this one gave absolutely no irritation, and was pretty easy to get off also. One star less again because of being too creamy that one needs to apply multiple strokes to get a good line.  Steal deal , its amazing. It's really good.i use this for my lower waterline and it's smudge proof all day.
44.0^  Must try productvery smooth and long lastingi really love this product. Not happy with the product. It fades very fast wothin half hour. I have used this product before, its dark and long lasting. As soon as i opened it , the pencil broke , it keeps on breaking. plus not dark cant be used for eye liner.and it is light. Waterproof and smudge proof. Has the finest tip !. Consistent color. Super black.
45.0^ Loved d product , great look , had tried many products bt this one is no match , a must have. Loved d product.
46.0^ This eyeliner is very affordable. Its darker than other normal kajal. Nyc product. Superb product.long lasting, bold black , affordable, good for sensitive eyes etc.its my  current favorite kajal. Staying power is really less. I used maybelline's kajal before but this one glides smoothly if compared and much darker then maybelline.  and the best part its cheaper. on time delivery good service by amazon.  nice packing.. Its got a beautiful blue shade and its perfect for parties. worth for the price. its brush is smooth n thin which makes the application easy. In the other products the applicator would somehow stop working for me. Long lasting, easy to apply and dark black color. The product is affordable, has a rich black colour,  but for me , it smudges a lot..it just barely stay like for about 2 hrs after which it starts to smudge in the outer corners of eye. To all those who are reading this, instead of going for the lake eyeconic// maybelline collosal kajals(which are theajor players when it comes to the kajal market in india) you should go for it with cosed eyes( haha, pun intended). Pigmentation , formula , application is really good. Those who are looking for affordable kajal, you can give this a try (only). Totally worth the price just grab it without any thoughts. Get dark line in one stroke, little unhappy bcoz its spread in short  time otherwise its worth buy. I just love this liner. Overall the product is good.the colour although is not the same as shown here but is of greyish blue in shade and looks pretty good.use it with a black liner for a dramatic look.the product is not water proof though but did not wash off easily atleast not mine even though i have oily eye lids and did not smudge too.it was a great price deal for me as i got it just for rs 57 and was delivered just in 3 days.thanks to amazon for such superb services and so good price. It's very bold smudge proof,water proof.very creamy kajal and affordable also so girls buy it bindhass. I must say, the color is beautiful and almost holographic in different lighting. The colour is good and the brush gives a nice line. Grey shade can wear every day its not matte has some glitter.
47.0^ Best results. So i feel this is a good buy for beginners. Amazing brushes.must buy for every makeup lover. Bristles are so soft to touch and their quality is really good. bamboo sticks are a major benefit. It arrived in a very cute orange pouch which is easy to carry. all the brushes are packed. Soft and it didnt shed during wash. The delivery was on time. & this is a gr8 selection at this affordable price.!. But for the price this is a steal deal. Bristles are so soft.
48.0^ This eyeliner is worth the price. Dupe for the maybelline mascara. Product a try since its way affordable. A little goes a long way. It's long lasting and super pigmented. Doesn't smudge but staying power is low. Glides on like butter. It's a twister eye pencil so no hassle of sharpening it.cons:1. Its very smooth and fine finish. 1 coat of mascara(5-10 strokes) for each eye gives them more than enough length. However, it takes a lot of time to dry down completely (more than a regular mascara), so if you blink your eyes too hard, the mascara gets everywhere. One of the best coloured eyeliners i have used creamy easy to apply ,great pigmentation i loved it. Money penny is my savior. Beautiful in terms of price. Can get the job done but it is difficult to get the product onto a brush.would have been better if the product itself came with a brush. However, use with caution, its butteriness is its downfall as the tip can break off if you aren't careful. It was love at first swatch.the pigmentation is stunning, the shade itself is great for inner corner highlighting, lower waterline brightening and even applied on the lid it looks amazing. It glides smoothly on the lids and the brunt golden color is very pigmented. And the colour is to die for. Great pigment, smooth and amazing shade range. i bought the shade hot chocalate and it is really a very nice brown. perfect when u dont want that bold black eye.
49.0^ Its the best mascara ive ever used. Stays for long. Doesnt harden lashes. Quality is good.
5.0^
50.0^ Highly recommended. Highly recommended for dry skin problems for all age groups.non greasy, non messy,non aromatic.
51.0^ Nice.i like it. Very good and nice product. Good # # # product. Very gud.long lasting.  Eye liners and a hairband at this price , so happy. Nice product at cheap price. Price , so happy. Good for the value. Shiny.
52.0^ Good quality. Nice product.  Very sticky extremely hard to remove.if you love your eyelashes don't you dare to use it.
53.0^ Apart from that, its really good product stay is long about 5-7 hours and very smooth to apply. Not happy by this product. Very nice.  ### good mascara, lives up by its name i.e long lasting volume. Its creamy and can be easily applied.brush is quite small but its ok to use. black is in matte form but the blue one is shiny which is a small drawback because i wanted a matte one but it is bright electric blue which somehow looks good after the application. dries quickly and absolutely smudge proof. can be worn for the whole day without worrying. a worth trying. Nice product ,easy to apply. Nice, easy to apply. although very very hard to remove. even with good makeup remover. yet its not smudge proof (when you try to remove it, it will turn your eye area black, you havr to wash your face many times to completely remove it). even if you by mistake touch it by your hand it will spread onto your face. good jet black color. nd matte appearance. Its shimmery which adds more drama to eyes and looks appealing. Beautiful product worth money. has a sharpener with the pencils. :-) and it actually stayed on my eye quite for a long tym unless u rub it. must buy and try. They smudge a bit fast but for the price is amazing!. Free liner. Product quality is not good. It's great..nd and i surprise gift too one smudge proof liner  and one pretty rubber band. Secondly green color is not working as dark as it is supposed to be when applying on eye. dnt waste ur money so dnt buy it.
54.0^ I'm not a big fan of kajal, but wen i used this.i started loving it.it glide so smoothly and give very intense black color. Love itamazing product. This is the best eye kohl that i have ever used at this price, and is better from revlon one stroke, m.a.c eye smolder and any other brands. It gives voluminous and long lashes. It is long lasting too. The texture is smooth as butter and this has an amazing staying power. Very difficult application. Just go and buy it rn asap it is super good really it doesn't even smudge and is waterproof it has a creamy texture and is easy to apply i really love it bcoz it has an intense black finish it makes your eyes more definable a must buy product i love this kajal and i am sure that you will also love it. After a long search i got a awesome eye pencil. you can use it as eyeliner, kajal n yu can make smoky eyes too. it is so pigmented. n stay almost 9 hour. waterproof. Glide smoothly color also gud but not usable inside the eye make irritation itching in eyelid so sensitive person take care and think twice. Fake productsmudges with pain and itching in eyes the moment you apply this. This kajal has a creamy texture, great pigmentation, smooth finish and great longevity. Its affordable opaque waterproof smudgeproof. Amazing jet black color & the price. It's definitely worth it's price. No smudge and stays all day long. Really easy to apply, gives a smooth finish, lasts long and stays smudge free for 18-20 hours easily. Also, it stays smudge proof whole day long. This is so pigmented, black as hell, smudge free. It can be used without a primer and gives great color. It looks little bit artificial rest if you want a jet black then go for this.
55.0^ Fraud seller  the pic that is shown is not delivered instead of that any other product was sent.dont take the product its fraud.  It is very heart breaking when u are excited to get your product and just coz of seller's irresponsible behaviour u get the wrong product.well i just got my order and the seller has sent me the wrong pen liner. Excellent easy to make wing. I ordered the super slim pen liner and they sent me regular pen liner ,the tip of those pen are different.i hv wrked with super slim and thats what i wanted to have. so much disappointed for the seller's irresponsible act.   p.s.i will never buy anything from this seller :pcretail1. I wish i can throw the product on the face of this company's director. I cn bet u wont get any this kind of product at such a cheap rate. plus the brushes make the deal more attractive. The tip is super slim and it slides beautifully.i absolutely loved it. The blue one is quite shiny.but overall it's gud.
56.0^ Perfect for beginners. But if want a bolder look then out for the other one. The staying power of this product is also amazing and it stayed on my brows for good 9-10 hours without fading. Day i simply like it wow. Staying power is awesome. Creamy texture & stays on whole day without smudging. Though the price is on bit of a higher side yet its quite resonable since the product quality is amazing and does a pretty good job. only drawback is it doesn't come with a mirror and the applicator is useless like most palletes. Eyeshadows have a smooth texture  and are easy to blend. Easy to use.i ordered the shade medium to   dark which is suitable for all skin tone.it's worth the money. Stays intact without even proper eye priming for more than 8hrs!. And i love this one, its pretty much similar to elf eyebrows kit and deborah milano eyebrow kit. Pigmentation and shades are great. Shimmer shades works best if applied with fingers.4.there are shades which can very well be a "highlighter".the applicator which comes along with the palette is not that usefulbut otherwise worth spending money. It is a great palette for smokey eyes and has good shades and the pigment pay off is good. Price , this palette is a steal. It doesn't come wth a brush to u need to purchase it separately. Awesome quality. These eye shadows are well pigmented and not chalky at all. Freedom makes one of the most affordable yet pigmented eyeshadows and the colour range makes so many different looks possible!. I had been looking to buy an eyeshadow and i ended up buying this one mainly because of two reasons:-  1. it has an amazing mix of matte and shimmer colors 2. it's affordable and you get 20 colors (wow!). Shade ash brown its a blackish brown coloured pomade goes well on beauties.
57.0^ I need to appreciate its staying power and coverage but just after 4-5 uses i feel it's already starting to deplete a lot. This product is worth buying as it just glides on the skin and gives best results for uneven skin tones. It is the best concealer ever. After a long research i went for warm honey (dusky skintone)yes m unlucky as its one shade darker to my skin tone but yeah it works well on my dark circles. Long lasting. Since u have so many shades, u r bound to get confused if you buying for the first time. It gives a nice coverage, easy to blend, smooth, suitable for all purposes but it is not 100% crease-resistant and so it is not so muchsuitable for the hot and humid indian climate. Already own a couple of shades but wanted something for contouring.but i must say its a bang on shade.easy to apply n gave superb results. love it. Tube comes with a built in brush applicator , the mac 242 does a better. Golden / lighter shades usually provide a pop and a fresh feel to your eyes. The texture is creamy and smooth and it does not make the face look cakey, it is extremely easy to blend and i find that a little goes a long way with this because it's so pigmented and has such great coverage that you do not need to squeeze out a lot. It easily glides onto the skin it hides any flaws just amazing. It's affordable and works amazingly well. A great product for the price. I use mac  nc40 but was looking for some decent concealer and after reading great reviews wanted to try this.i got it in shade pure beige which is perfect for the shade mac nc 40.i totally liked it.it's a very good concealer for a decent price thanks nykaa for selling such a wonderful product.for sure it's a best product worth the every penny. It is rather brownish orange and not good bright orange i was expecting.i am still using it somehow since there are not many options in liquid orange corrector.also the brush nozzle is irritating because you can't control the amount of product that comes out and leads to wastage every time. It stays for about 3-4 hours in my waterline which is not that bad. it desn't fade away or melt to get between the lashes. the liner is smudge proof if applied on the lash line and is mildly waterproof too. if you accidentally splash water on your face it stays but if you rub the liner with water it goes off.i think due to its smudge proof nature, we can use it as an eye shadow base too but in that case we need to blend it fast. once it sets, it gets difficult to blend. i have tried it and i just couldn't blend the random thick lines i drew on my lids.1. very nice texture. not too creamy – not too dry. just right.2. easy application. no tugging.3. waterline safe. did not cause any irritation.4. decent pigmentation.5. decent staying power.6. does not melt and stick on to the lashes.7. smudge proof if applied on the lash line or lids.8. pocket friendly.9. cap fits in well making it travel friendly.10. product wastage minimal when sharpened.11. cruelty free. V nice gel pencil glides on v smoothly. superb fr lower waterline. Moreover one gets confused by the cover color. The colour selection is quite impressive given the price. The awesome shade range, the texture, the coverage everything is just amazing.
58.0^ A good experience using this liner. The maybelline liner is so awesome. it doesnt smudge and suitable for daily use.!!!. The product is too greasy. and it is too brittle.that too to the point that you can't apply it properly.  It's ok type. nuts dries soon. Nevertheless long lasting and doesnt smudge. The colour is jet black its easy to apply dors not settle into fine lines under the eyes overall nice product!. It's like a sharp pen. not exactly what i had in mind. Doesnt lift up lashes. The pigmentation is very poor. Orderd glam's secrets sketch pen liner which is amazing and safe for contact lens users like me. Its a nice kjal in comparison with normal collosals stays for long time in your eyes do not smudge moreover do not create panda eyes as it severe problem faced by me as i was using normal colosals its ject black in colour abd also it spreads quite evenly without blackning ur eyes remains for slmost 4 - 5 hrs getting such wuality that too at this price is really marvellous thanks snspdeal for proving me this. kajals with these attributes costs about 600-700 bucks for iam really very happy with my purchase of this glam secrets kajal you guys must go for this obe try out its really amazing you will fall in love with it ihave been using this kajal for almost 2 yrs and iam fully satisfied with purchase. Worth buying. Its a good product.the tip is quite sharp which ensures really fine line.the black colour is intense and yes it is water proof and smudge proof.a good experience using this liner. Liner is good but facing difficulty to apply becoz of its dryness and the actual quantity of liner is 1.2 not 14.5 then why u have mentioned  wrong details. It won't work for you if it's raining and you might have to go outside. and the problem with this is, it's super sharp but the tip is hard, unlike maybelline hypersharp liner which has a soft tip, this one is a bit difficult to apply. There is no heck of the mascara getting smudged since it is of natural colour. Very shiny skin.
59.0^  Rlly it's a vary good product. must buy. But the delivery was horrible, he made  me crawl the whole area for receiving my product and even using bad language. 24 hrs. Need to apply 3 to 4 times to get a rich coating. Yet the colors were really good and 51 eye shadows for a price of 400 is a good deal. Very good kajal , it doesnt irritate my eyes. It's perfect for beginners but if you are looking for something skin friendly you might want to invest your money on better product. In that prospect, i'm happy with this purchase, as the white color is well pigmented n soft on the eye. Nevertheless , worth buying !!. So far, none have broken away. Have good quality as price range.bt i got one piece broken. Any issue regarding quality. The color look really nice when applied. Happy with colour.
6.0^ Good product. Was a nice product.. Just buy and use it  product is good  packaging is good black colour it's look good to ur eyes............                      ...               |    '         '    |                        _                 \               /                     ----------. Very fast. Good packaging is good black colour its look good to ur eyes. So,it'l cover your lashes properly. if u want a gorgeous mascara please go for lakme.but if u r in a tight budget then it'l serve ur purpose nicely. the color z ok.but bit smudgy(wt cn u expect in such a low price!).
60.0^  Just love it. Gud product. Im literally a fan of bluee.its too good especiallyy for night look better if u use a fixing spray to applyyy.thing is it wont cm with a brush inside it. Satisfied good quality. N the quality is satisfactory. Nice medium grey. Very bad shadow its shade looks dark but it's actually a light shade.
61.0^ Great product. No smudge.
62.0^ Very gud for smokey eye look n for all kajal. Super nice product. This product is awesome. Just awesome its really 24 hours. Nice product its long lasting.thank flip kart. I got the product now wit good condition nd must say in time nd the containers are too cute to resist i wore the brown kajal immediately nd damnnn it's too good love it nd guys go fr it u won't regret buying it's awesome!. Easy to apply. This gel liner is very good thanks. Smooth application. But this eye gel is very nice. This is not a good product.it creates problem to eyes and after wearing it i feels pain in eyes.so not a recommended product. Good for skin.  The kajal spreads in few minutes not worth to spend your money. Worth. This product is really very good, liner is water proof n its brush is very soft. Just awesome its really 24 hours i just all girls have these jel liner. Quality is excellent. Kajal.very nice colour black and brown. Brown kajal was little empty otherwise its good.
63.0^ Prefer hr eyeliner. Best liner. It's very nice n easy to use also,and long lasting. Lasts quite long. Superb long lasting. Cool , waterproof long stay. Easy apply with perfect grip. Really nice, easy to use. The precision tip is amazing and is very easy to apply. No issue for skin irritation.  Excellent value for the money. Very nice liner.best in this price. Great for the pricing factor and felt tip. A good liner at a very affordable price. Not satisfactory , very difficult to remove even with the use of cleansing cream it leaves black color. Very beautiful colour s. This is my first use of liquid liner and it is super black and water proof.
64.0^ Its a good product. I like. As i use kajal daily this is perfect product 4 me. Day this kajal & my ; eyes looking beautiful. Stays for long time. It makes my eyes cool nd give very good looks to eye. I  used every day this kajal &my; eyes looking beautiful.lovely. Safe for use for children as well. Quality seems ok. The packaging and the finish of the kajal is good.
65.0^
66.0^ Excellent thank you. Eyeliner , look very good. I have purchase 1pc eyeliner, look very good the image and when i used it very smooth and water proof hope girl brand first time i see…. woow ….its from korea. love korean cosmetics.  Purchase 1pc eyeliner , look very good.
67.0^ The pros are you get good quantity for the price 2 sticks of 2.6 grams each, so this is economical compared to other brands. and the smudge is slight. this is suitable for daily use. Product packaging was excellent. Overall i recommend this product for all, worth buying.  There is slight smudging but applying some compact powder below the eye reduces the smudge.i felt some irritation on application but later on it passed. Handy and brings cool affect to the eyes. The kajal stick was somewhat dry and needs heavy application to get dark black.
68.0^ Intense black, smudge free, comes out easily wid soap or makeup remover, very smooth on application, better product than maybelline gel liner,easy on pocket too,just that applicator brush cud have been better. It's a very good liner. This is actual incolor product and no dupe or copy.  Nice product. it gives a smooth touch and has a soft body it dries very quickly and also long lasts. Very nice, quantity is also good, long lasting, smudge proof, better than maybelline. Smooth and easy application. Its an economical gel liner. Eye gel liner was not bad. Though it is dark but once applied my eyes burned like anything. Awesome liner for oily skin. But this one is not bad at the price it is available. So worth the buy. Nice product.only the quality of brush is not good. The color kind of gets lighter after a while. Structure of eye liner z quite attractive n colour z veryy black pigmented bt its nt waterproof. Easy to apply and it's jet black color stands out making your eyes look bright and stunning.
69.0^ I wished i could give here 5 stars but couldnt as its staying power is just 2-3 hours. Removing this eyeliner with makeup remover or coconut oil is also easy and hassle-free. Dupe for macs eyeshadow.  It dries to complete matte and is very long lasting. Lovely texture and staying power is excellent.i have been using bobbi brown kohl since 2 years but i can say this is at par!. 5 stars for the effectiveness of this gel eyeliner. The blackest black gel eyeliner i have ever seen and also very smooth to apply. Sharp plastic thing which feels like youre poking your eyes. Pigmentation is superb. good staying power go for it. I had to give the product 5 stars but the price is insane. 950 at the local inglot counter, it is worth investing in something that is waterproof (yes it stayed after a bath), smudgeproof (i have really watery eyes), long lasting and blackest black.gel liners do tend to dry up after 6 months or even after a year, inglot provides a solution (duraline) for that. But the applicator is horrible. This eyeliner comes with a sturdy cap.this eyeliner has to be sharpen. Inglot is highly reputed brand with amazing quality. The color variety is also superb. This eyeliner comes with a sturdy cap which makes it travel friendly.it should be sharpened before use.the shade is a fresh green shade (like a fresh green leaf) with a little golden tinge.texture is smooth but one swipe is not enough to bring the exact colour,you need two swipe to get the actual shade.
7.0^ ### i bought it to wear it regularly to office; but the eyeliner has a shine in it; which makes it more useful to wear it in parties. I loved the product..it is very good and good quality too.  ### but the color is strong that it stays for a good 2 days even after washing. Smudges but glides smoothly. Gives a different look to eyes. It's so smooth, great quantity and excellent quality, smudge proof!. Excellent quality , smudge proof. It has a glossy look and may not be suitable for daily use particularly during the day.
70.0^ Its a very nice eyeliner  it gives nice finishingreally loved it. Very useful product. Brush is very nice. Stays for long duration near about 8-10 hrs. Amazing wow products. stays long and looks shiny. Good product worth useful thanks for delivering at the right time. Good shiny and waterproof but my eyelids got swelling after applying it.so please return and refund it. It's application is very easy and also fast dry up. but i don't think it as a waterproof item. because i can remove the eyeliner with a cotton and water. *the brush has very fine bristles and is very easy to use.  Good thing is it doesnt smudge leaving eyes. Good product. stays for a long time. doesn't fade much. totally worthy for this price. Can be easily applied , comes with thin brush and quantity is also sufficient. This liner has an amazing glossy finish to it. Very good.its an water proof. Good thing is it doesnt smudge leaving eyes black. Awsome product.trust once and buy it.absolute waterproof easy to remove if u r removing in correct way.gives a shiny finish not matte.
71.0^ The eyeshadow stick had been shattered beyond recovery when i received it.
72.0^ It ok this item bt plz try to make this item totally invisiable  thank you.
73.0^
74.0^ Jovees kajal is well balanced: yes it won't stay for as long as chemicals but it doesn't spread around easyly as well,  and even if it does in the end of the day,  it does it equally, like eye shades. Sensitive to chemical stuff , so kajals like lakme. This one is natural and out of all kajals is my favourite.  Doesnt give. My eyes are very sensitive to chemical stuff,  so kajals like lakme or even lotus i cannot use. It doesnt spread.
75.0^ This is  good product very soft in appling n gives good colour best part is that its natural product although its not fully smudge proof a little bit is there but its manageable  but ya eyes looks nice. The kajal quality seems good too. And even it blacken the face too.hope less product.  Very nice long lasting kajal. Amazing pigmentation and stunning color but low staying power, all over decent product in decent price. Its soft and glides smoothly. Great product. good for eyes. its a harble kajal to kerp your eyes cool fresh and healthy. Amazing pigmentation. Would surely recommend for the price. Its worth the price. Recently purchased the khojati 12 hr smudge proof eye-urvedic kajal from flipkart :).i must say i was mighty impressed by the excellent delivery of flipkart and the superb quality of the khojati kajal.this kajal is smooth,soft and truly jet black.excellent quality.i have also recommended this kajal to many of my friends.thanks. Worst kajal, smudge badly. Loved the rich dark color!. However, the product would have looked better if it had a green or any form of colour on the case. But it has deep black color which makes eyes look pretty instantly.
76.0^  Nice and original product. Great product offer. Worth.
78.0^  Nice product. Very bad product.not at all long lasting also not even waterproof, its spreading in the complete eye. It is as i expected.nice packing,24 hrs smudge proof.very good product. Doesnt dry fast. It does not spread, and keeps the eyes very beautiful for a long time. The gel liners are good. Its really a very travel friendly n handy. ### what it claims it is doing the exact. ### smudge free.nyc colour. ### brushes r small thus has a very gd grip.gives a sharp lining. ###  ### really impressive. ### go for it guys. Itching in the eyes!. This pack of 2 in good rate. thnx flipkart. The brush is ok, but after prolonged use will definitely worn out quick. Nice packing , 24 hrs smudge proof. Very bad quality , it quality is not a jel is very hard. Nice good colour / logan paul.
79.0^ Make sure to buy a good eyeshadow brush to use this product as it will enhance the effect. Good product. This product is so good.& all colour is very beautifully.it's smell is nice..                                   i,use this product at lest 1 yr , my experience is,,,''this product is very very soft & breakable'' so,,use this so carefully....... The colours are vibrant and stay for quite long and do not leave a cakey effect. Though refunded by flipkart but waste of time and energy.  Awsome product good and very safe wraping great packaging.. Beautiful , compliments and suits all skin. Ordered it to gift someone.best when it comes to colors it has ### good amount of glitter, can be used for night makeup as well ###  ### worth the price. It was worth all my money. Box ( not taped ) and as a added contributing factor of bumpy. Wow,it is very pigmented and awesome color.
8.0^ This eye shadow is not for dusky skinned beauties.as most of the colors are very lightly pigmented.top 2 rows are higly pigmented others are not but i m ok with it.at this price its best.color combination is gud.but all shades have shimmer in it.only 5 to 6 shades are matte.but shimmer is not so chunky or vibrant its subdued.i love the mirror attached to it.its big.overall flipkart packaging was gr8. Worth buying. easy to blend. super pigmented. shades include  glitter, matte, shimmer and semi shimmer. smells good as well. packaging is good, includes a mirror. Glitter , matte.
80.0^ Okay maybelline gel liner. Nice product. Otherwise it is really good, given the fact i usually get irritation with more eyeliners, but this one gave absolutely no irritation, and was pretty easy to get off also. One star less again because of being too creamy that one needs to apply multiple strokes to get a good line.  It's really good.i use this for my lower waterline and it's smudge proof all day.
81.0^ I love it. Must buy product.one should have this in her makeup kit. Over prize product but it have a good quality. It last for 14 to 15 hrs. Kudos gel liner.  The containers of the colours are even loose & doens't fit in the cheap black box properly.
83.0^ But never the less, great liner.
84.0^ Dont try to fool the people , flipkart.
85.0^  Nice product. Lasting. Lasting long. Price range its good. No smudge.
86.0^ Amazing eyeliner. This liner is amazing as it would stay on your lids for as long as you want it to be. My crayons work better than this liner. Amazing eyeliner, the colour is just perfect and stays for as long as i want it to be.
87.0^
88.0^ Bought this in shade if royal blue and now it is my fav eyeliner. Liner is quiet. This is one of the best products available in the market. Its waterproof,voluminou,long lasting.i just love to wear it.it can be use in daily basis.it is best for party or wedding wear.i am a huge fan of loreal but this mascara made me fell in love with loreal.i had always issues with mascara,but this product is just awesome. Texture and staying power is also good. It can be used as a substitute for white liner and it glides on so smoothly and is lasts for ample amount of time. Its the darkest black and has a real smooth texture so really easy to apply.stays on for the full day.its a must buy!. It is a very smooth product and it stays for a very long time. As the name suggests this eyeliner is smooth as silk on application and is highly pigmented especially the black and teal colours.the purple one needs a little building up on for a pigmented look.the silver is brilliant to brighten up the eye even though it's not the most long last formula.i have had longer lasting eyeliners but the colours in this collection are fabulous.it removes with oil or make up remover easily but the silver one you can pretty much wipe off otherwise as well.i highly recommend the teal coloured liner for anyone looking to have a little fun with your make up. Shiny glitter eyes for occasions. The perfection and pigmentation that you get is superb though. When i purchased this, i thought it was expensive but i gave it a shot anyways. This one is simply worth money. Bit pricey but worth every penny. The brown color liner is great for small eyes, which helps to widen it as against the black liner. Smooth line doesnt smudge so easily. The soft nib of the pencil slides smoothly onto the eye, giving it an intense definition.it lasts really long and is totally smudge proof. I bought this l'oreal eyeliner, color payoff is amazing, beautiful,  office wearable color, it has little bit blue shimmer but not visible thats a good thing. Color is dull. Shade for past 1 year its nice.
89.0^ Eyeliner this is what i found comfortable. I found my perfect kajal. But, size of the product shown in the picture is a too big as compared to its actual size. Very smooth n very nice texture in single stroke.long lastng n cannot smudge.worth buyng. It is a jet black, smudge proof and long lasting kajal and can compete any high end kajal. Lotus eyeliner purchased first time and experience was not good.eyeliner stick was hard and eyeliner does long last. Applicator is not good and application is not smooth.color is fine. It has very decent applicator which works pretty well and good for daily wear, pigmentation is an amazing love it. It is easy to apply and apart from moisturizing your skin (without making it sticky or oily), it also protects your skin from harmful uv rays.there is a somewhat strong smell initially. So it is very nice for those who have oily eyes. It is causing irritation on my eyelids and whoever has designed the brush, please explain the logic behind the design. I know it may be one of the cheapest liners but still it's not the price. the pigmentation is blah which doesn't even last long. !it is an absolute "meh" and totally not worth the money you spend.does not glide smoothly, does not give the expected black colour.although its a natural product, i feel like the lotus herbals hypnotica eye contour definer is much much better than this one.advice for the ones who wear lenses : do not use it as it sticks to your lenses and that's pretty hard to remove !!. Very small bottle, quantity too less for the price , brush too thin.opening and closing the bottle itself take time. Although d product is not waterproof but its smooth n black.overall worth in this price. Mascara was dry and brush kwailty was not good. This kajal is so beautiful no smudge and it lokks so good in one stroke.it works.after tried so many kajals i get my kind kajal.i loved it.my personal experiance it is so good. Product is good but not waterproof and smudge proof.at 176rs this price it is good(after discount)but not worth for mrp. Also, it does not cause the black residue in your spit so its safer than most other brands. The color is too dull not visible on tan skin tone. This is an amazing kajal because-glides on like butter -super jet black-cruelty free brand and no harsh chemicals but i don't like is.-you need to sharpen it very often-if you don't sharp, the edge of the cone of the pencil can hurt your eyes-it's not smudge proof.
9.0^ This is nice kajal but it is not last lasting at all pigmentation is good. Trust me it's the most amazing mascara. The product is brittle and dries up super fast. even as you're applying it. This is a saviour, does not smudge at all and looks great the whole day!. One of the best products.avon kajal truely rocks.as mentioned it is long lasting.lasts the whole day.and is smudge proof too. I have been using this mascara for a long time. Even a slight pressure while application splits the kajal and hence the product is lost.colour pay off is good though.does not smudge easily. It's easy to apply but the only flaw is that it breaks down if applied with more pressure. A nice kajal to apply. Dont irritate the eyes. Absolutely love it for the look of naturally black lush lashes, curls and lengthens, not over the top..and surprisingly there was a sticker with mrp written lower than what i paid for.i feel the product was old stock and kept for sale.however started using it.the product is gud.gives good volume and helps create curl for your lashes that stays long.if not for the bad package and careless price listing.would give 4 stars for the product alone.  Worth the buy!. It does not smudge and looks really attractive. This liner is not good. Arent line , not glimmering & not that black. Its a good dark navy blue kajal. smudge free. good product for eyes. smooth to apply. all over a good kajal at this price. I have all three shades in this kajal but i use boldest black the most.deep plum is a average shade which i didn't liked it very much.rest others are wearable for daily use.
90.0^ The kohl as such is pretty good but it's not an original mac. So not sure if the product is genuine. Crazy amount , i bought this eye shadow ( not refill ) recently in mac store. It goes a long way. Long lasting.  It glides very smoothly and has a creamy texture. Texture of kohl is very creamy glides easily. Pros- good quantity smooth application does not irritate waterline  cons- smudges easily, too easily  does not stay long only for waterline, cannot be used on the lids not the darkest of black. Not rich at all , and would show on the eye. It is water resistant and safe for waterline. I dont know why these sellers selling mac items for such a crazy amount,i bought this eye shadow(not refill) recently in mac store bangalore for 'rs 1200,and these guys selling the refill for  2700.they are looting innocent customers who doesn't know the actual price. Innocent customers who doesnt know the actual price. So quality is decent.my only question about this product is that the felt like tip is shrinking with use, so how do i use the entire pencil ?. A very bright black kohl pencil. Smolder is dark black , its the darkest black kohl i ever had.
91.0^ It really feels cool in your eyes.its better than other branded kajal i have used in terms of smudging. The best kajal i have ever used. Popular kajals in similar price range.  It does not smudge.
92.0^ The eyeliner is no doubt very good but the price mention here is so wrong !.
93.0^  Glittery and shiny.
94.0^ But this one is cheap and provides a good coverage without getting caked!. Delivery by nykaa is appreciable but the product by makeup revolution is not worth the money spent. It's a really affordable product. Gifted her with this pallete with all the shades that can be used for normal office day to smoky part eyes. But the staying power of these eyeshadows are less. Love nykaa for delivering the products on time. Dont like the sponge applicator. Very nice concealer, gives a very good coverage, can be used all purpose, is the best concealer available in market,  the consistency is just right,  its not sticky just apply and blend it well,  it will work wonders for you. I love this concealer, it is everything and easy to blend. It brightens under eye and highlights face points. The pigmentation is good too and comes off well in just 2-3 swipes. Skin is really dry , make seems flakey. I recently used this palette and found that the color pay off is extremely fantastic, and the variety and choice of colors of this palette is amazing. This is a really good eyeliner, totally worth the price. Awsome product worth of money. I had high expectation from this product after watching al d youtube videos but if u apply it with d brush god it looks so dry so cakey really bad later i tried it with d beauty blender it looked much much better. I am happy wd d product quality. It is well pigmented and can hide spots or dark circles nicely. White color is so pretty it could be use as a highlighter. Shade is too highlighting not fully covering under eye dark circles better colour correct before using this. This eyeshadow shade is a bright neon yellow, it doesn't swatch great and is a little powdery to the touch.
96.0^ Must have. Nice product.  Wherever i went to look for this eye pencil , i got a denial. Must have for all the eye make up lover and is completely matte(that makes it even more good).
98.0^ This awesome product with waterproof and easy to remove. Awesome product. great colors and good quality. great value of money. packed nicely and delivered on time. thnx flipcart. No doubt the product. Its amazing. the colours are good. stays fir really long.glossy finish. Long lasting both are good. Good stay. Does not smudge at all stays whole day and is cheap the tip is precise and easy to use. Its very smooth to apply an stays long lasting.worth to buy it and fully satisfied with all the four colors.  Very bad waste of money. No doubt the product is awesome but its actual price is 200 bucks not around 400 so better to buy from local mrkt. Its a must buy product ,, amazing quality. totally worth it ,,, i am happy to gift it to my friend. Black n blue are ok. In love with the blue. Good quality product nice colour  but small in size and less in quantity.
99.0^ Good product. Good product  i am happy after buying this product.nice product smuge free really worth of money. Awesome just buy it. worth the money.best product at low rate.very good product.. using it well.  Very nice and long lasting. One application lasts for good 4-5 hours, not more than that..n easy to apply. Very good quality and very easy to use loved it.. This product is only good for lips rest its useless as eye liners. It gives my eyes a very bold and fantastic look. Pigmentation is too good. Totally waste of money. Worthy for the price. Nice product worth for money. Liquid is fine easily washable liner good packing and the product is fine. Totally waste of money please don't buy this product its quality is very bad both liner and mascara are dry up in a week.. Very bad.it is not deep black n smudge soo fast.worst product. It's very dark black long lasting product thanks to amazon. If has a glossy finish.pros-*affordable*colour payoff/ pigmentation*smooth applicationcons-*not smudge-proof and not waterproof*glossy finish. It is jet black and application is also really smooth.
nan^ Its the best kajal i have ever used i have both blue and green both can be used as eyeliner and kajal really good product. Dont feel the hype of this mascara. Texture is simply amazing and the best part stays upto its promise of 24 hours. yipeee. thankyou nykaa for such a wonderful product. Gives long lashes, does not clump. Long lasting , excellent. Its good for regular look but it does not have the staying power which makes it an average product despite the creaminess. Its so easy to apply and very smooth. I bought this eyeliner after trying the one my sister had.to review it i would like to state the pros and cons-intense pigmentionone swipe is good enough-wateeproof, smudge proof- gives the eyes an intense look, easy to use(i actually fell in love with the pigmention)cons- gel technology hence melts quickly and needs to be sharpened repeatedlya lot of it gets wastedbarely lasted a month and hence not very cost effectivesince it's waterproof it can only be removed with a good quality makeup removerworth a buy if you don't use eyeliners that often. The only flipside is that its difficult to get rid of with only soap and water and you would need a very good makeup remover, once its on, its not going anywhere. Its a dark deep blue color its best for nite outs..luks flattering on d eyes.it lets d eyes tlkng..guys if u wanna try on dis range den 1 must go gor azure charm its really flattering shade.. Must buy if u are searching a mascara that enhance ur lashes. The pigmentation is good and it offers a good shade range,though its not smudgeproof. but in this price tag u are getting enough from essence. a good beginner friendly kajal. Dark circles all gone with the help of this, learn the proper method to apply and you are good to go. affordable + nykaa's offer worth it. And the price is just an added bonus!. The brush is very manageable. It doesn’t smudge whole day. It is smudge proof. I am a college student and i got bored with my regular black kajal and eye liner i can't use too much vibrant color but when i saw this product and i started to use it ,it became my favorite product ever.it stays all day long even if you use water on ur face.it doesn't go anywhere.lovely shade.u can make effortlessly smoky eyes with this, love this so much. The colour is awesome. its so smooth to apply. no particles left. long lasting and adds glamour to your look. would love to try other colours. Shade ( calling your buff ) is such a beautiful.
